No obvious cons to highlight. Haven't really given bonus or salary increases. Bad pay compared to other companies. Who doesn't know the feeling of one thing leading to another leading to another - until you're not quite sure how you ended up where you did? Aberdeen's adorable antics will have readers excited to see where he lands next, and on the edges of their seats as he searches for a way back home.. Executive level change not a good thing 
Stephen bird. No bonus or salary review for 2021. Awful work environment, very “cliquey” place to work, nobody says please or thank you or offers advice to help you grow and build on your capabilities. Not a single person said goodbye or good luck when I left. Just a number and not a person in their eyes.. Jury’s out on new CEO, staff are unhappy. No inconvenient to mention here. facing challenges now (5 words). Resource constraints and long decision making process. not as much pay as you deserve. To many mergers with companies. * It is boy's club, complete lack of diversity and unless you are a favourite of senior management you will not progress
* No strategic direction
* You will be pushed out if you ever choose to challenge ideas. Undergoing very turbulent times right now. - Incredibly Difficult To Move/Progress via Departments/Job Positions
- Some Managers/Team Leaders are Incredibly Difficult To Work There. undergoing a lot of change and culture is rather poor. Salary handed on hand and not through bank. Not many that I can think. Management resistant to investing in improving processes and systems. The culture of the company has completely changed. It is now run by bankers who are ONLY concerned with cost cutting and little appreciation how hard people have worked to build a good business. The company's greatest asset (its people) are being ignored and a culture of fear is setting in with people afraid to speak up. This use to be the best people business I have ever worked for but not anymore. This is evidenced by the announcement of the recent departure of the Head of HR who had brought in amazing practices and really focused on the individual. There is no focus on the individual anymore but rather employees are treated as commodities that can be swiftly traded for cheaper alternatives. I have gone from working for the best company ever to the worst. So sad.. Constant redundancies and restructuring, no sense of job security. lacks progression opportunities and loses talent as a result. Some changes have not been well communicated. There's already a new CEO appointed.

Townhalls are brutal, intense and these are expected. Staff morale is low in general, with many changes in the recent memory. 

Merger didn't work well which resulted in huge outflows following that. You're just not sure if the company has reached the rock-bottom yet.

Bonuses & salaries have all been reduced. You're just hoping that the new management team can turn things around in the immediate future. Otherwise, you'd likely be stuck in a very difficult position.. Progression opportunities could have been better. Old fashioned ways of working, slow to adapt to change. Business outlook is dim. Company has been under pressure to cut cost by reducing employee remunerations.. There's really not that many cons I can think of. Low relative salary, too big, poor data and IT infrastructure, not efficient. Bonus setting is not transparent. Human resource systems need refining post merger. • Leadership team are not leading the company
• The leadership will outsource an entire department instead of analysing how they can save money
• The company lies about how well it's doing. Constant restructuring following merger a few years ago, limited development opportunities. Some oldish tech services and practices. Requirement for frequent trips to the UK. Lots of change with little actual action. Possible position in all areas. Uncertainty, ongoing transformation, and constant changes of leadership.. Company culture needs a lot of improvement. Management put interests of shareholders ahead of employees.. Culture and another four words. Long working hours and low annual leave days. Lots of change and a consistently high workload. Almost four years since the merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen was announced it remains work-in-progress. In particular in terms of systems and also what has felt like repeated waves of restructurings across both the front-office and sales.
Business momentum has also been poor, and consequently remuneration has been very tough with pay close-to-frozen for a number of years. Repeated comments by very senior management since the merger that uncompetitive pay for juniors would be addressed has come to nothing. Also a lack of clarity for more senior team members as to what performance will result in better reward. 
A clear sense that the group is about to undergo further significant, and probably necessary, strategic change under the new CEO.. Tuped out to the outsourcer without being told or the option to take redundancy. Annual bonus was delayed 6 months to keep you there.
You are just a number.
No training 
No career movement. Bonus not paid this year, which is understandable given the current situation. Many M&As and many changes in management. Salary is not in line with the cost of living. None I can think of. Lack of meaningful communication, heavy workload. Difficult to move up in the organisation, quite bureaucratic, pay below market average. Been a bumpy ride. 
Lots of change, some good some not so good.
Seek to manage people through change well.. Train-wreck merger smashing two very different cultures together
Outsource regardless with no thought of the operational capabilities and client impact.
Lot of senior managers in ops/IT more concerned with their own little empire-building and save-yourself mentality.. Unsure of long term career path. career progression is more talk than action.. Progression unclear and salary low. For IT, led by generationally outdated thinking and management . If you are looking a modern cloud based, innovative and creative thinking company not for you. While this is creeping in slowly, very much constrained by on-premise thinking all’s 1995.. While most companies are crying out for skilled resource ASI is going in the opposite direction and outsourcing. If you are innovative, creative and want to get on with the latest technology give them a body swerve. Post merger consolidation major distraction. - salary, it support, technologies,. Many changes and restructuring over the past years causing turnovers and lack of direction.. lack of opportunities despite good performance. Pay structure was not in order and didn’t reflect roles. Too many people who have been there for a long time and have built expectations on what the company should be doing for them, not what they can do for the company. Really needs a shake up. 

Far too much change - never seen so much pointless change and restructuring, think i'm on about 5th line manager and in 4th department change. 

Career - you're blocked by the glut of legacy staff who through time spent have progressed to more senior roles.. Too many silly and expensive restructures just so new leaders can make their mark. Can be a bit cliquey. To many Contract jobs versus permanent. Relatively large so can be difficult to know who to approach about projects.. not much opportunity going if you want to progress. popularity contest "recognition scheme"
opportunities to progress not offered to everyone. Below market rate for base salary. Some people love it and some don’t. But increasingly challenging to have a long term career as senior staff don't appear to be incentivized to stay, 
 
After you have been there ~10 years if not before, your salary will stop rising. They try to make out that they have performance driven pay but they don't, they just go through the motions. The numbers seem to be decided well ahead of reviews and they seem to make a lot of effort in figuring out how little they can get away with paying people. In recent years it doesn't matter how well you/team perform, you get no pay rise, in fact there have been massive cuts in bonuses/total salary. You can get promotions that come with no pay rise. The more senior you are the worse it is as your salary has to be curtailed to make some space for junior staff. People that leave often report getting 20-40% pay rises for similar roles. No transparency to pay process and not based on the profitability of your team. 

No firm direction from senior management, felt somewhat directionless the last few years and internal surveys of senior management score poorly, not really clear what the broad strategy is. The new and very expensively hired CFO seems to mainly be interested in cutting costs. 

Your environment will depending on where you are located, in UK and Edinburgh, the facilities and office are good as are some of the European offices, but elsewhere it can be a bit hit and miss. Benefits are not standardised globally so those may also depend on location, naturally you are quite well taken of in the UK.. Not bad for working there. Group of individuals, hugely corporate.

Can’t manage projects of any size and never learn from project reviews. I’ve seen more than one multi million pound project fail for simple reasons that could have been resolved. Management introduce silly ideas to look busy. A ton of legacy monolith applications and no signs that this will change.. No cons that I can think of. Systems are archaic, management lacklustre. structurally challenges, at an inflexion point, bureaucracy. Behind on technology and innovation. Corporate culture has shifted over the years, becoming more bureaucratic. Heavy workload
Understaffed
Poor communication from leadership team
No cover for holidays. Having been through a merger in 2017, the company is still finding its purpose and clear strategy. The introduction of a new CEO from neither heritage company is beginning to improve this.. All talk and no trousers approach to culture. Remember to read between the lines on all job specs. The current approach is to recruit the minimum number of people to scrape by.. Too process oriented. appear Bureacratic.. Average salary at best and not much progression opportunities. Poor holidays and tough working culture. Bureaucratic, merger, inefficiencies, diversity, IT. Not always flexible for when comes to working from home. I would prefer to win the lottery. Centralized decision making and lack of understanding of competition landscape. none to complain about at the moment. Lots of Integration and Phoenix separation work still to do. None that I can think of. politics, constant change can be annoying. Unclear direction and leadership following merger. Really odd working atmosphere - intensely quiet on the floor with very little conversation or friendliness. Hierarchy excluded analysts. Some managers were very rude and seemed uninterested in their direct reports. Not a healthy working environment.. Too much change at top levels. Management overbearing and take too much effort for themselves.. Old boys club where ex army get..... Was made redundant due to restructure. IT can sometimes be an issue but much improving. Messy at the top level mgt. Need to be one of the “in crowd” if you want to progress - some departments have a bit of a boys club about them. Bureaucracy can be quite high, gets in the way of true innovation and progress.. Can be assigned to work between two companies and have to battle very different priorities - feels insular. Made redundant due to the out break of COVID. They over worked their staff and didnt hire new people.
Their pay scales were skewed.. Not easy to move internally. Flexible working could be improved. Outsourcing and reducing staff numbers. Does not offer the same benefits to subsiduary employees at Focus Solutions s it does its own in Edinburgh. Especially pension and redundancy terms being statutory only.. Company constantly changing with mergers and sales so everything v complicated and clunky. No cons that I have ever experienced. Merger did not work out as planned. Constant change over the past few years has been detrimental to personal development.
Imbalance in salaries.. Still some confusion over heritages, slow ongoing process of the merger. they don't care about staff. Office politics and lot of offshore partners. Probably not the best paying AM firms out there. Culture post merger can make this for a negative working environment. A lot of clicks, you have to play games to get anywhere not really about how well you work. complexity, processes, client orientation, politics. merger with Aberdeen Asset still all consuming, impacting culture, heavily outsource\managed service drive, cost pressures. For technology related roles my advice is too look elsewhere. - Integration of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management still ongoing, causes intense disruption from an IT perspective
- Separation of Standard Life to Phoenix still ongoing, causes intense disruption from an IT perspective
- Senior leadership (CEO-1) cannot seem to execute a proper strategy and vision beyond 'we must transform'.. Not always the best working environment and I saw an awful lot of changing of team structures/internal processes. Ongoing merger pain. 
Lack of clear management decision making.. Antiquated hierarchal management system, no empowerment to staff members
Death by email - everything had to be in email format
Meetings about meetings about meetings!
Toxic workplace environment. Merger is disruptive
A little slow
Compensation could be better for high performers. Limited opportunity for progression given extremely low staff turnover. Sometimes feels like people have a job for life. Low pay. Overly bureaucratic and difficult to change existing processes.. The path to advancing roles is very slow. Poorly paid for long hours. Outsourced
Cliques run the IT dept.
Many promotions without interviews, based on who you know not what you know or performance.. Management is poisonously political, which greatly interferes with getting work done.
The Grads I dealt with in the Graduate Scheme were often given poor, practical training and assigned lot of the team's donkey work.
Job security, never mind pension benefits, looked under threat.. - Salary much lower than market average. Mergers and acquisitions always create a certain degree of staff concern and vulnerability. However this has been managed fairly well overall, in line with the clear strategic direction of the company.. Poor management with lack of technology experience
some ridiculous change processes. Can feel a bit basic.. Everything because it is awful. Annual review system feels dated. Focus on clients not what it used to be
Poor morale due to lack of care from area leadership. Bad communication by the management. Little career progression available for talented individuals. Package and benefits can be better. Merger makes things uncertain at times. below industry average salary;
top management don't really know where to lead, and they focus too much on their own politics and survival instead of caring about the morale of employees-inefficient mergers and acquisitions;
terrible communication and conservative attitude towards new things/innovation;
bad performers who are pickthanks can survive very well in the company. a lot of politics and lack of direction. Unwilling to pay "market" salaries even when hard evidence is provided.  

Over the years we have had pathetic pay increases of "inflation only", and in 2019, only the junior and administration staff received a salary uplift.  The rest of us got a big fat ZERO.

Bonuses also slashed in 2019 and expectation is it will happen again this year.

Senior management are largely from Scotland and 90%+ male.  There is no transparency as to how appointments are made.. Teach people how to use a phone, no need to fly everywhere. Stop being so proud of your a white male Scottish company, it’s simply racist. Promoting people on colour and not skill is a stupid business strategy.  It’s ok, we can then hire more consultants to fix it.. Quite a sales led culture which sometimes lacked consideration for the product. Going through many structural and departmental changes which may cloud career progression. Hard to progress into the next level
Hierarchy is petty strong 
Hard to influence much until you are very senior
Flexible working behind the industry average. The way it is organised. Culture of bullying exists within the marketing department. Worst offenders are senior management.. - pay for younger analysts notably below market
- poor management, excessive politicking and bullying present in some teams
- most products have poor performance, owing to short termism and general inadequacy, that didn't look to be changing. Coming out of a few tough years. Underperformance of people and products needs to be dealt with, poor compensation, integration of the two firms (Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management) still ongoing. Every part of your time is analysed, you have to justify your work on a daily basis. - there is little of the Aberdeen culture left, both in terms of entreperneurism and fun
- London has been downsized and there is a gradual retrenching of jobs to Edinburgh
- duplication of teams and committees throughout the organisation leads to slow progress and low morale
- senior leadership not taking responsibility. So many useless middle-managers and 'lifers' with zero career experience outside that company let alone Edinburgh.  Global company?  Not likely.  They struggle to communicate between offices in Edinburgh let along between countries.  

They are in the middle of integrating legacy companies and there is a complete leadership void.  No clear corporate direction, no clear people policy.  Investing in people and skills has fallen down priorities massively whilst the company drowns in legacy IT issues.  When everything is a priority, nothing is.  The lack of leadership has created a void which has been filled with bullying and demotivated teams.

There is such a lack of congruence between the outward image they try to betray and internal culture.  For example, they sponsor LGBT groups in Edinburgh but it is the only place I have witnessed homophobic bullying in the workplace.  They claim on LinkedIn or host diversity summits to proclaim to be fantastic for woman in the workplace but the culture is institutionally misogynistic and ranked shockingly 96th in the FTSE 100 Hampton-Alexander Report.  Rather than throwing their hands in the air and saying the company is shocking and needs to improve they get out the corporate whitewash.  There is zero, absolutely zero, diversity and it really shows in the culture in a horribly bland way.  The lack of congruence is so demotivating.  The white, straight, middle-class, male with the title of global diversity champion who literally does nothing on diversity actually made me feel physically sick in the office, as if it was some weird twisted joke.

Management in this company is male-driven and arrogant.  On a daily basis I witnessed behaviour in senior and middle management that I simply have not witnessed in by 20 year career before that in other cities.  The very few senior woman are either meek and drowned out by men or are more masculine than their male 80s throwback contemporaries.  Neither of these should be tolerated today.

Siloed in every conceivable way, no two areas or departments work well together.  Their ways of working are confused with, at its heart, a complete lack of professional respect for colleagues.  They do not value or skill their employees to have meaningful, respectful conversations.  Whilst the industry is moving toward skilling up and valuing risk/ finance/ investment qualifications, no credence is given to them at all.  They hire in many talented contractors, pay them handsomely and do not trust them to do their job, listen to their experience or engage them to complete the project.  The arrogance of unskilled, inexperienced managers undertaking huge programmes of work with no relevant experience and not listening to those you hire to help is staggering.

Steer clear.. Could be even more ambitious. Pay is a big problem, product platform is average as well. Too many decisions based on how things have always been done instead of what the best way forward should be. Short staffed, lack of strategic direction,. Boring, facilities staff are very rude. Sometime the corporate environment gets in the way. Very slow to react to market. Salary, hierarchy, lack of interest in devloping non graduate young employees.. Post merger misfit and clash between Standard Life and Aberdeen. Development, less support for older employees in terms of development. Merger is dragging out a bit with poor decisions making in certain areas. getting better now, but leadership was poor last year. Merger has damaged morale. Haemorrhaging young talent.  Below market pay.. The pay and benefits appear to lag behind Aberdeen Asset (now the two companies are merged). They removed the Company Christmas party which might appear to be a trival thing however it was good for building networks and also very good for morale. The SLI culture is very different from the AAM culture, as I am a former SLI I would say it was a better culture however those from AAM would probably say AAM culture was better.. Massive favouritism and discrimination

Doesn't matter how good you are at your job. You won't get promoted or any opportunities unless your manager especially likes you. 

The managers get paid a huge amount to basically talk to each other in the canteen. They're never available and don't actually know how to manage, inspire or lead their employees. 

The turnover rate is extremely high. 

Your fate is determined through abitrary means, simply by how much your manager likes you. If they like someone more than you, who is worse at the job than you, that person will get a higher bonus and higher raise at the end of the year (egregiously so) so there is no point in trying to be a good worker.. Company can be difficult to navigate in some areas. Low team morale. No trust.. Starting salary is low. Office location became less central. too many acquisitions changing the culture. Downsizing, cost-cutting, can be bureaucratic meaning pace of change is slower than it should be.. Toxic culture
Zero growth 
Internal movement within organisation not easy. Currently going through structural changes.. lots of change, but that is par for the course. Better if you are Scottish and a woman.  Skills and experience count for nothing.. Working in operations you are treated like children. Nothing bad of our colleagues. Atmosphere gradually disimproving since take-over by The Phoenix Group. A lot of IT projects axed or in limbo. Being a finance company, a bit bureaucratic at time (lots of 'governance'). Irish operation subordinate to UK HQ which can be frustrating (need UK approval for everything).. Ignorant management, lack of knowledge especially from long term employees. No clear structure too many employees coasting and bringing nothing to the table. Post merger, the future looks hard. Pay was never the best but this was balanced out by the stellar pension.
Atmosphere, culture and tone of the firm changed dramatically post merger. The firm I joined had long since gone and ultimately I was glad to get out in the end.. Company culture has diluted through too many acquisitions and mergers. Mergers are never handled smoothly. Management is poor at communicating leaving employees extremely uncertain and nervous. Corporate structure is far too flat and makes it nearly impossible to move up in the ranks unless someone from the company leaves and opens up a spot. Extremely below market salaries. They say they invest in their employees but they really don't and only invest in other companies. Far too UK-centric. Systems and technologies are 10 years behind other companies.. Constant changing environment leading to uncertainty. Horrible culture and never sure who you can trust. The merger has failed to integrate culturally. Singapore office divided into two buildings. Front office in one building and middle/back office in another, does not promote interaction.. Salary is a bit behind some of the other financial jobs, people ended up doing same job elsewhere for more money.

Personally I found the environment stressful at times.

It is harder to get noticed for opportunities due to the sheer amount of people. not great development if you have been a long time. Lost its way and no clear strategy. Challenges with large merger integration.. • Leadership needs to get their heads out of the clouds. Maybe focus on employee morale first instead of the next mediocre acquisition.
• Company grew way too fast for it's own good. This includes rapid fire acquisitions that made/makes life hard for employees. Rather than building a strong foundation that is able to support expansion, they continued to pile on more. Outdated systems, processes, etc. Someone in a "leadership" position comes up with an idea, and the rest of us are expected to tack it on to our already hectic workload. They wouldn't know the impact on employees because they're too busy getting involved some new social committee. Here's another idea, let them focus on LEADING the company. 
• Huge disconnect between the amount of work we have to do vs what Leadership thinks we do. Plenty of "we appreciate your hard work during a difficult time". News flash, the company has been going through a "hard time" for years!
• Pay. Ha. Notorious for being below the industry average. The amount of inefficiency is staggering. Here's another idea, pay your loyal employees. Genius right? Well that message is too difficult for our leaders. On the flip side, plenty of poor performers here make way too much. 
• Be honest. Everyone sees through the rehearsed corporate lines.
•Again they're UK centric. Big decisions get pushed down from the UK. That means you're just employee #X. And the best you'll get from local managers is "our hands are tied". Try again.
•The GBA program. The budget to pay employees isn't there but there is plenty of money to pay glorified interns.. Limited career progression opportunities
Constant cost cutting & re-organisation. A merger is rarely smooth.. Constant penny pinching, management had favourites. As it's a good place to work theres often a bottleneck and no where to move up.. Pay has suffered relative to peers 
Fairly inflexible re working patterns
Limited diversity at senior levels. - Complete cultural shift since the merger with Aberdeen, too many people now competing for position at the expense of the firm's overall success
- Confused management structures and organization design. Toxic culture caused by constant rounds of redundancies
- Base salaries no longer competitive and no transparency regarding pay.. nothing to note of right now. Managers not always appreciative of efforts. not much career progression opportunities. Extremely negative, critical and oppressive management style. Toxic environment in workplace as everyone is made to feel inadequate. And we get paid very low to feel these levels of stress.. The company is falling behind and bloated with "life timers" simply clocking in to claim their paychecks while contributing little to the firm. Costs are being slashed across the board, one example being company support removed from professional qualifications like the CFA. Bonuses have been slashed from a previously healthy level with many management and senior staff receiving nothing and raises below inflation. The depressed share price raises the possiblity of a hostile takeover from an opportunist buyer leading to further cost and job cuts.. They hired me on one salary and once I joined they said they sent the wrong contract and reduced my pay. Very catty atmosphere, managers cannot be trusted - absolutely nothing is confidential or private. The review system is poor and managers assign pay rises the same every year. Generally not a pleasant atmosphere to work in.. low pay versus the market
less development for long time stayers. The company will take harsh decisions to keep it's ROE and dividend stable.. poor pay, poor career prospect, poor management. If finance is for you, there are few cons.. challenging industry backdrop, but willingness to adapt. Need the right people in the right function. At the same time the amount of
Change that is happening can be overwhelming and create uncertainty.. Merger integration still on going. Constantly changing through mergers and acquisitions means chaotic management
Lack of career progression. A lot of changes and uncertainty. A lot of change in recent years so people are tired.
As teams have gotten bigger some of the day to day interactions have been more difficult.. Poor work life balance.
Limited number if staff in certain departments.
System issues have started while trying to integrate 2 companies.. no room for progression, mostly offer contract work, no accountability for work, poor training, no incentives.. Changing culture with no room for future growth. Part time is Monday - Friday, no flexibility to do 3 days per week for instance. Salary not great. Can be slow to get things done.. -Bureaucratic pace but with no structure or process
-No career development whatsoever
-No investment in people unless you are in the front office or sales
-Below market compensation
-Dated technology and infrastructure 
-Constant acquisitions create disruption and bad morale
-Extremely UK-centric. Lots of change in last  2 years, integrating 2 businesses whilst separating off another =  very confused culture, slow and unclear decision making process.  Share price has taken a hit, low morale.. Obviously competitive internship, sometimes viewing fellow interns as competitors.. Since merger, culture has become toxic; ghastly management; demotivated and overworked staff. Dreadful for part time women who they pay as little as they can. Overly cautious, stagnant pay, siloed roles, too many people, unimaginative, overpaid senior management, no real encouragement for young people to progress, large gender pay gap.. Limited career opportunities
Company growth outlook poor
Senior management poor/no decision making 
Literally zero strategy post merger. Salary is blow industry average, not much flexibility in graduate scheme. Slow to progress and risk averse. Promotion tends to be on time served basis as oppose to meritocracy. Predisposition for cliqueness. Lack of social events
Lack of progression - flat structure
Change is very slow. Salary too low within the sector. Work reviews not always fair.. Now run by consultants due to lazy management. Zero focus on customer. Some completely incompetent consultant put in very responsible position and then tuned into a contractor.. Many layers of management. Xmas leave can be difficult
Flexibility. Hard work
Stressful 
Others have been mentioned. Low benefit , underpaid vs industry. Pay, work progression, unnecessary management levels. Merger with Standard Life has brought chaos and a total leadership void into which self promoting and clueless middle managers have stepped, asserting their own self-serving agendas at the expense of the firm as a whole. The back office is stuffed full of lifers and button pushers with zero or outdated technical skills. Innovation is a buzz word the disconnected management like to bandy around but has no actual impact when you do not have skilled staff to do the innovating. It’s all talk and no action. As a result of having very few skilled permanent technical staff, process and systems are a woeful multi-layered onion of bodges and fixes that no one in the company fully understands. Massive inefficiency at all levels. Back office appears to drive the development agenda with Front Office requirements ignored. Total lack of any BAU development!. - Didn't get much help in terms of the technical part
- Managers want to get what they thought would be although that may not be the truth. Management chosen on nepotism sometimes without even an official recruitment process, lack of communication from management through constant restructure/uncertainty and a collapse of collaborative culture creating a terrible environment which comes across more like the Freemasons with secret handshakes.

The leaders of the firm seem out of touch with staff and unrealistic workload targets are being driven by pompous ego! Used to be two of the best firms to work for in Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Standard Life, and now we have a situation forced on thousands of livelyhood's which is rapidly failing.. going through tough times and advancement is limited. Significant changes as a result of mergers/sales recently has impacted culture. Technology is poor
Too many acquisitions
Lost sight of process and philosophy
Salary poor. Bad senior management and talent retention 
Low salary 
No company vision, unrealistic and self- deceptive targets from senior management
Not a place for young aspiring junior people. Awful slow-motion train-wreck of a merger. Horrid place to work currently with clash of two very different cultures, lots of really unhappy staff and people empire-building & vying for position - like living through an episode of Game of Thrones, but not in a good way. Consequently, not as much focus on customers as there should be.. Unfortunately with the acquisition many individuals were either laid off or quit. Those remaining in higher roles remain due to their popularity to clients. Those individuals are truly not great leader. Rather they are arrogant. I’m sure once the dust settles, they will return to their unbecoming behavior.. -Changing attitudes and focus between asset manager and pensions business
-Too much attention to EA type roles rather than deliver. 40 hrs contract. Low salary increase. uncertainty around merger/acquisition.. Company has lost its way, management are detached and self serving.. Where to start, oh yes: first they employe people with masters degrees to do coping & pasting, there are so many overlaps among different teams, there is no communication from management, no opportunities to develop (unless you are brown nosing), the systems are a joke (for big data sets it’s Excel they decided to go for) and the bonus is really low.. No cons at this time. Poor investment performance, lack of direction & leadership, unethical culture & behaviours in some parts of the business. Unstable situation after merger and acquisition.. not much room for analysts to develop. Management are not friendly. Some integration issues still needing ironed out. Lots of change, to much uncertainty and things going downhill dramatically.  Will the company be around long term with all the merging and splitting of the company?. Little opportunity for low/mid level employees to progress. Below market compensation relative to peers. Bad senior management, no opportunities low mid level employees’. Can be boring but you work with great people. Sense of uncertainty since the merger with Standard Life. Structure becoming more silo'd. Plenty of talk about wanting to enhance work life balance but in reality zero action.. Hardly flexible working especially if you are a parent, more middle management that do nothing and don’t practice what they preach. HOD and above completely invisible 
Ineffective staff engagement activities
No staff survey for 2 years
Can’t make decisions in dress code questions, and doesn’t deal with poor code adherence anyway. Bit of a gap between departments, but seems to be improving.. The Secretarial managers didn't really ever know what they were doing and weren't really looking to progress their staff beyond being a Secretary. Difficult for a fresh graduate to get in .. 2 CEO's that are never seen 
Senior management is great to a point however the higher you go the less communication there is. poor communication, senior management cronyism, lack of consolidation. Totalitarian leadership; UK-centric; White, male dominant in management. low paid, extremely micro-management, none of the career progression.. There is a profound dysfunctional management culture. The departments won't naturally work with and cooperate with each other unless there's a regulatory change that is forced and sponsored from the top. Department heads of know this and the frustration it gives their teams in getting their jobs done but will do NOTHING to challenge this status quo. People management would rather dodge the issues or persecute team members who raise these issues, than deal with them. Marketing and Proposition have the worse, corrupt people managers.. No accountability for work
Poor salary. Highly stressful environment.
Limited career support and advice.
Treated as a resource not a person or valiued employee.
Has started to feel like the wild west.. A lot of clients walking away as the uncertainty of an upcoming merger looms to a company that specialises in the closed book environment. New Business drying up fast as nobody knows what the future plans are. Staff last to know of any updates (you'll know more by the papers). Merger seems to be a nice way to cut benefits. Taking on a LOT of new staff and seem determined to wave goodbye to experienced staff leaving a huge knowledge gap which has a very negative impact on clients (and staff). Little or no scope for development.. Continuous downward assessment in the marketplace during period of upheaval. Propositions not future proof.. benefit package 

Culture will need to restablish itself due to the M&A's over last 4 years.. Some of the employees can be very childish and catty.  Employer doesn’t stick to promises. Expected to do work for everyone despite others not bothering. School like attitude. Sick policy isn’t great, especially if you have children. Generally not a bad employer but the staff that are employed seem to think we’re at school and there is a hierarchy with popular/ not popular people. Rumours go around all the time and generally quite petty.. Top management detached from reality at the coal face. Good people tended to go elsewhere.. Lack of support for young people. Working well over the contractual hours each week. Management lost common touch
Culture eroded since merger. Old systems make tasks a lengthy or complicated process, relying heavily on older members of staffs knowledge. Poor salary package and average opportunities to progress your career.. The merger causes some difficulties as long not every process is settled and the strategy is clear over all.. Chaotic feel to the place as it sells its staid old (dependable) pensions and savings business and simultaneously undergoes a merger of Standard Life Investments and Aberdeen Asset Management. For those few staff unaffected by a series of recent seismic recent purchase and divestment activities (and the uncertainty that brings) there are good benefits, but the pension has been downgraded twice in recent years and may be hit again as a result of the merger with Aberdeen.. None that I can think of. Very uncertain of business outlook. Lack of board interest in staff. Dysfunctional environment; lacked proper tools and support to do job; talented staff leaving with no review by HR. Very poor input from HR in general. Below market rate for pay. Salary is below market level. Consistently bad communication from the leadership to the staff. Also it isn’t going to be standard life anymore anyway. Being moved to Phoenix group.. - many of the leading SLI senior managers who had developed an amazing culture and place to work in Edinburgh have either left or been fired since the 'merger' with Aberdeen
- moral at SLI has been slipping since the merger in most areas, with the announcement of 800 roles being made redundant not helping the enthusiasm to grow the business and protect the reputation
- the merger was announced as a 50:50 transaction but in some functions it feels like  a complete reverse takeover by Aberdeen. It's hard to advance, there is always a reason why this isn't possible- either budgets, no resource or simply no roles unless you're interested in the management route which doesn't suit everyone. Sideways moves are very much the rage.. Not enough collaboration across products. Would have been beneficial to have each specialist share their ideas and thoughts to a larger group.. No joy at work, blame culture.. Efforts to reform how they reform their ability to run Technology changes has been both time-consuming and ineffective - the Theresa May approach to  Technology and Change Management.
- Too focussed on time and cost aspects of technology project delivery, at the expense of quality, which is rarely seen as a priority
- A number of IT departments have been demoralised by the lack of clear leadership, which has been the case for many years, up to the merger.
- Over-reliance on external consultants to run major projects.
This comes at the expense of major projects not working well with internal teams, plus once the project completes, the management team can walk off into the sunset, regardless of knock-on impact to the business of residual issues.
- Graduate programme does not provide a consistent, positive experience - many internal placements don't offer participants useful experience.
- Still a very hierarchical, top-down led organisation. Efforts to 'agile-ise' the development environment has been very piece-meal and not led to supportive cultural changes.
- For the size of the business, it has an intensely political atmosphere, quite factionalised.
- Top heavy management - not enough doers, especially in key technologies.. quite corporate setting and male dominated. Still working out its future.. A symptom of the merger has been the transition from a family feel to a more fractured and disparate organisation. The recent restructuring has meant morale has been low.. Scope, development, pay, management, working bank holidays, band pay movement. Beware… Says all the right things does but does not follow through.

Pays lip service to mental health awareness and stress. Behind closed doors I saw some people at the end of their tether with a total lack of support from the company. You see the CEO’s preaching on mental health day about the company commitments, it’s just hot air.

Bonus and salary below par for industry and workload, salary benchmarks show this but senior management knock back increases loosing great people whilst protecting others who do the minimum amount of work but say the right things and have the right friends. A real old boys club where it’s fine to coast if you know the ‘Aberdeen way’.

The political astute do well at Aberdeen Standard Life. Skill and experience will not help you one bit mainly because of the many closed minds that sit at senior level.

If you’re thinking of joining Aberdeen Standard Life then thank long and hard. If you do join then prepare to get down trodden. Any sense of free, innovative thinking is about to knocked out of you.

Little opportunity to grow as once people find their comfortable management role they do just enough and don’t leave waiting out retirement.. Little to no support for those looking to progress to another role.
Boys club mentality.. Quite slow on the uptake of new technology. The annual employee reviews/goal setting is extremely time consuming and feels like a drain of time and effort with little reward for doing so.. Decision making is very, painfully slow and one or two people at the top tend to hold things up.  Not everyone is equal despite the flat structure.. The company is a shambles. Too many acquisitions. Poor systems. Far too many meetings for the sake of having a meeting. Communication from the top down could be handled better. Clear path for career growth is missing.. Don't join unless prepared to work hard. No prospects for progression, top heavy teams where senior staff are primarily interested in protecting their turf, feels like a Scottish old boys club, staff are generally unmotivated due to the constant restructurings.. - although most are friendly, some people are quite stuck in their ways and just like to moan
- systems are quite old
- hard to sometimes understand everything the business does (it is a complicated industry). Amount of workload is far too much for the salary paid. There are a few managers that have the power to treat you unfairly, regardless of complaints they are largely unable to be stopped.. Lack of direction at a test/QA level means staff not being either empowered or motivated to deliver either a quality or at minimum, industry standard process.. Acquisition of Aberdeen changed the corporate culture into an unfair playground. Sales culture and shareholder 'responsibility' creates a short termist view among senior (area) managers.  Focus on quantity not quality. - Flat Structure
- Base salary. My experience has been good so far.. With acquisition by manulife in 2015, there were uncertainty among employees with the restructuring changes.. Often bureaucratic and slow, which causes the firm to miss opportunities allowing competitors to get ahead.  Sometimes politics gets in the way of doing the best thing on a timely basis.. Constant cuts make you worried that your department is next in line for "restructuring" 
The talk is all about the investment business but no real career path is given to move people over.. Lack of industrial experience, this is changing.. Management structure is narrow but there are many options across the world wide group. Leadership seems weak; constantly moving people around and restructuring which leads to uncertainty and no time for things to bed in. 
Always looking to reduce costs (nothing especially wrong with that!) but jars with growing profitability and huge amounts spent on sponsorship deals. 
Very tight on compliance (again, nothing wrong with that!) but go too far to the point of preventing good business.. Quite segmented in terms of departments.. Constant changes to stay market leaders has led to job cuts in certain departments. limited opportunities at senior management level. Some areas are over worked and under staffed. This can cause some processing delays and some very stressed staff in some areas.. Bullying Tactics by Management. 
Salary not competitive.. Not amazing salary or career progression post-graduate programme, some support lacking for development and progression, recognition of experience over talent and skill. Treat staff like imbeciles all the time. Worked at a branch office so career grow the was limited.. Some policy's are stricter in some areas than others, This means that some areas lack consistency.. Management take advantage of the working from home option
Training of new staff is not great 
No other major cons. senior management are not very open with staff. Too indecisive, too many meetings, quite often meetings about meetings. The company has a very flat structure. People seem to be on holiday more than they are actually in work and manipulating the flex time system seems to be the "unwritten rule". Compare it with checking your phone when your driving - everyone does it, just don't mention it publicly. 

People have been here so long they are getting paid 20k + per year for turning up a couple of days a week and doing admin work so basic a child could manage it. YOU ARE A PLC! MAKE US WORK FOR OUR SALARIES! 

The positive reviews on this site reflect the people in Standard Life that have 'proper jobs' on George street and Standard Life house. Join customer operations and expect to be micro managed, treated like a moron and have no realistic chance of progression.

Senior management seem to have memorized these "how to inspire your people" books and sound like monotone robots.. Fast growing diluting culture. Salaries slightly below industry levels. No defined job progression.. Undemanding life for some. So many non-productive people involved in projects, so many handoffs. So many useless 3rd party specialists e.g. Testers. Distinct lack of genuine leadership amongst mid tier "managers". Really just hoody wearing geezers. Little chance for Progression , lack of recognition, delays for cross training, flat structure for management. Don't expect to progress quickly 
lack of creativity
top level management not in touch with staff and try to micro manage. politics, lack of growth and. Don't have any at this time. This is a call center job, even though employees will never admit it. If you enjoy being treated and monitored (i.e clocking in by the minute, and keying in when you have toilet breaks etc) like a call center employee then by all means go for it, but i hated it.

Salary was a call center salary. You get a review after one year where you could gain up to 10% salary increase dependent on your performance and the company performance. But apparently you are lucky if you get something in the region of 6%.  

Be prepared to be on the phone all day dealing with customers like financial advisers who are rude and are out to see you slip up so they can get you done for best pricing etc. I get a sense of pride when i put a suit on as it motivates me to do well, the dress policy is pretty much jeans and trainers with a t-shirt. Perhaps people are comfortable with that but i just couldn't get it how such a major company like that incorporates a policy like that. 

If you are a graduate like me who has made the stupid mistake of jumping at working for a major company like 'Standard Life' but has not really gone through the job profile, do not make the same mistake as me. Use your degree by applying for a graduate related role that will really get you valuable experience.. The only down side I can think of working at Standard Life is the negativity of my friends towards me as they are jealous I enjoy coming to work!. There could be a stronger focus on employee development, to create more movement within the company.. Middle-management 
Change is viewed as a negative. Few opportunities for staff development, performance management via matrix structure, overly bureaucratic which can lead to disillusionment, benefits package has been eroded. Management was very rigid, no room for growth or learning opportunities. I spent about 2 years working for a company that was acquired by Standard Life and I was then moved to work as a secretary for Standard Life where I spent about a year and a half. I was overqualified for the role, which was very basic and repetitive without making use of my skills or offering any chance for progression. I found the environment unfriendly and the people dedicated to specific ways of working. I even found that unless you used specific language people would complain and/or seemed to find it difficult to understand you as well. The secretarial practice was then formed and it was all change again. In the process of a year I changed about 5 managers. Some of them were not based in the same office as myself and the people I supported were also based in Edinburgh, whereas I was in London. It really didn't make sense. What I saw was that people were being promoted because of their allegiance to the company and its internal culture rather than because of their skills. The person that was appointed as our manager in the Secretarial Practice had been with the company for 20 years and boasted that she'd been getting outstanding performance ratings. However, she had no experience of managing people before and lacked core skills such as attention to detail and spelling that should have been a requirement for an entry-level secretarial role. In the course of 8 months 4 people out of a team of 10 resigned. The whole appraisal process relies on how liked you are rather than the quality of your work. And apart from the fact that there are very few non-Brits working there I felt that not being British put you at a disadvantage if only because you did things in a different way. A few more points to note: SL shamelessly ignored Health and Safety Law back then at least; if you raise a grievance, you are forced to leave; people disappear all the time without an explanation and there is generally a very bad atmosphere in the office. Some of these disappearance cases made the national news, so do your research before you commit to working for SL. The company thrives on mistreating its staff. There used to be an internal organisation VIVO that was meant to support people having "problems" with the company. However, VIVO are employed by SL and any advice they give you either is too late or is not the full picture, so that you can't actually defend your interests effectively.  When I left they underpaid me because they had miscalculated my leave. When I asked HR why they hadn't checked how much leave I'd had before I left, a standard leavers' process at the time, they were unable to say. The IT was also quite bad while I worked there and it was frustrating dealing with it all the time. Overall, SL has been my worst employer so far and I would advise anyone to avoid working there. It is generally people who don't have other options who stay there long-term, so, by default, people with low skills, and they are being kept because of their support for the company's unprofessional practices and culture. If you are looking for a clique to join, this will be paradise for you.. Purport to be a caring company, lots of "words" on their intranet stating this, however, this is rarely shown. Too many egos, lack of management and leadership skills. No proper direction. Creating work for the sake of it. Meetings about meetings. Poor salaries. This needs proper benchmarking.. -There are far too many layers of middle management who have been at the company over 10 years. They have very little to do, particularly in the UK business and so empire build instead
-Talented people leave frequently because time served is essential to progress
-Certain members of staff are extremely rude to younger staff, talking behind their backs, gossiping and trying to trip them up on purpose (metaphorically)
-Face has to fit for a good end of year review. Performance driven culture is actually how well do you get on with your manager culture - you could add millions in value in your work but still get a poor rating due to a managers grudge. Sometimes there is a limited amount of work that needs to be done but this is just part of the natural flow of busy and quiet periods.. I don't feel there are any cons... No cons to place right now. erosion of other staff benefits over the last few years. long working hours culture, unclear vision and values. I can't think of many cons to state. - Some conflict of culture.
- Need more diversity in senior management
- Need more updated technology.. Found no issues so far at my time here.. While there are some good people who work here, the process and bureaucracy can really slow things down to a snails pace. Change does not happen fast - as a result the best people leave.. - The business as a whole can sometimes be slow to embrace change and innovation
- The opportunities to travel are few
- Communication between different departments could be better. There have been restructures in recent years but this seems to have settled now.. So far I have not found any cons.. Hit & miss placements- not everyone felt fulfilled in what they were doing day-to-day, but a negative placement was rare.. The application and interview process is long and cumbersome. There are four stages (online application, online testing, phone interview, assessment centre) and at times it felt like I was jumping through hoops to try and secure the job. The assessment centre itself is a big undertaking - a full day plus presentations, a tour and dinner the night before. At times I was unable to see the point of certain exercises which we were made to complete. The vetting and background check process was an absolute nightmare. This is outsourced to another company and I had lots of communication back and forth with them as they wanted some types of documentation which I did not have. They made what should have been quite straightforward into a complication and long process and kept passing my emails onto other staff members which meant I had to explain the situation multiple times. It was not a streamlined process working with them.. Potentially need an introduction to all areas in the business in order to understand how everything broadly fits into the company's aims.. I have not found any cons so far in my time at Standard Life. Small set of employees
More training needed
need new oppportunities for freshers
E-learning platform needed
Extensive access to study materials. Cheapskate IT.
Anti-English sentiment.
Couldn't wait to leave.. resource friendly environment which gives boost to resources. Lack of leadership. Many new faces, young managers that don't have experience therefore lack true leadership abilities. No technical staff, lots of people managers, jazz hands and into soft skills but sometimes you do actually need to know what you're talking about. Lost their way over the last few years....shame was good, now just mediocre.. Not much career progression available. No real dedication to training staff. Bureacratic.
For lots of staff it is the only job they have ever known so can be insular.
Some really good people but often a gap between capability and what gets delivered.
As a long established company, lots of legacy systems.. Inefficient decision making - multiple approval levels, processes that result in redundancy and remove logical thought-out actions.  Spend more time justifying the process rather than doing business.. work/life balance
structured processes
growing business and challenges on resource. Too many managerial layers sadly. Given the employees more trainings and job opportunities to explore in the different type of works within the company.. the salary is incredibly low. Work fairly uninteresting, not good career prospects, management dysfunctional, slow for work/projects to get anywhere/get actioned. big changes in terms of service. Many people working there in the comfort zone after many years. Benefits have been slowly reduced in recent times but overall package still competitive.. Slow to adapt and remove weak staff. Very demanding at times. Work/life balance could be better although it was changing.. Like all companies narrow at the top. Need to be in Edinburgh to have a career role for the long term. Very few cons to state. There were none I could remember. I loved my job.. - company recently acquired, creating an unstable environment. Although not common spread some resistance to change and the "we've always done it this way" attitudes. Heavy workload(in the customer service department). Micro-management at times and undue calling out of perceived under performance (quantity over quality). Salary was disappointing. Difficult to be promoted and it appeared that outside candidates were selected for higher positions over longtime employees. None at this point in time. -High turnover in contact centre
-Pay is fairly low. Behind the back feedback, not willing to embrace change from a new perspective,. Very risk-averse, and sometimes slow-moving to embrace change.
Behind many companies in financial services in terms of technology, but actively trying to catch up and embrace.
Have free drink machines which could be a bit better.. Some interns in other departments had far less work to do it seemed which meant they were left with a bad impression of the company. The actuarial internship however was of a very high quality.. bad management
impossible to move up. Lots of change in a short time leading to poor morale in longer term staff. Hopefully this should change over time.. - difficult job improvement
- people dont have drive. bureaucratic, slow moving, makes decisions slowly. If you are not an actuary, financial help with studies is rare
The only office will now be in Toronto. There's a sense in the business that you are pushed to progress and move around internally - this is great for some but not all. In terms of lower level staff the focus is definitely on higher level staff with a feeling that lower level staff are just left to rot. There is a huge sense of hierarchy in the business but it is top heavy - the business is literally overrun by management particularly heads of. High staff turnover.
Poor personal development unless on a graduate scheme, or in sales divisions.
Lack of training on anything.
Lack of communication between finance areas.
Internal politics causing petty upsets. Lack of recognition for high performing staff. - Department is not structured
- Lack of potential growth opportunities
- Salary is slightly less competitive than the market. Poor HR recruitment. Lack of communication when applying for jobs. Long hours and lack of training. Change was hard to implement but got there finally. They showed no support for people who were on fixed term contracts and their HR proceses were not great. poor management, no career advancement. Dealing with the multiple tiers of management, and navigating the politics.. The compliance-driven culture just puts you off the passion of finding new ideas to do work as any attempts to make things different will in general meet more with disapproval than reward.. Financial Services is currently undergoing significant change and Standard Life is no different to others in that respect.  With change comes uncertaintly.. most hiring is on a temp basis and takes a while before becoming permanent. salary isn't too great. Not much opportunity to progress unless you want to go team manager route. Horrible managers talking behind your back, stressful environment, working long hours, HR doesn't listen to you, takes forever to become permanent, etc.. Some departments could use a major shake up starting with executive and senior management.. Terrible bureaucracy, lack of innovation, meetings, meetings, meeting. Hiring incredible amounts of contractors that did not know what they were doing for insane fees for more than 2 years. Lack of appreciation of staff. Oh yeah - outsourcing to india..... The incredibly poor treatment of the IT staff. Standard Life used to have one of the most respected IT teams within the financial services industry. This has been replaced with an outsourced IT structure whet the remaining internal staff are used as support for the outsourced work. It's absolutely no surprise that most of the experienced staff took redundancy at the last purge, loosing literally thousands of  years of experience of the internal systems.. Bureaucratic mindset, risk averse, slow to adapt. Nothing to complain about except that there could be better drinks machines?!. Endless restructuring which left team unmanaged and direction less for months on end. Your face has to fit. If it does you'll be fine but probably clueless as to what the team you manage actually do.. Very little to complain about.  Perhaps in some areas of the company promotion prospects can be a little limited.  would highly recommend SL Ireland to anyone. Salary is less as compare to the market standards.
Sometimes work is less challenging, so you need to be careful to take the correct opportunity.. Very conservative culture, very difficult to move up, too many layers and very political in their hiring. Internal job offer interviews are very difficult, if you are studying in a domain or even have a degree and want to join that department they will still take someone from outside rather than hire internally. If you are a temporary employee they will not make you permanent and you have absolutely no yearly wage increases. Is becoming less and less flexible with their employees and is going backwards in terms of mentality.. Some inconsistencies in applying policies within departments - a degree of staffing pressures meaning additional hours are required.. Chances to move around are sometimes quite limited, and you can get quite pigeon holed with no real way to move up.. Strong core values and support of charitable events. Not really any negatives I can think off. Just a ver good company overall.. Although the company is moving in the right direction there is still too much red tape sometimes. Security around software and hardware could be a bit looser as it can sometimes get in the way.. Strategies and priorities constantly changing so hard to focus efforts. If you have a mediocre manager you suffer and HR provides little support.. worst management in any company I've worked at 
employees who have been working for ages don't want to change anything. The constant rate of change and restructuring is having a significant impact on morale, lots of staff have started to leave as a result. There is no clear direction which is also having an impact and frustrating many.. No cons, all was very. No parking nearby to the Canonmills office. Hopeless if you are coming from out of town.
In 2012 they mismanaged a layoff plan and too many people signed up for it. Then, surprise in 2013 they had a big backlog of work and not enough people to do it. Then they went through re-recruitment only to find themselves over staffed at the end of the year all over again.
Projects are managed Jan-Dec so often projects are left hanging around until Jan budgets are unfrozen - hopeless.
As is the nature of big companies, there are big budgets but also endless workings and reworkings of powerpoint presentations just to get the right nod from the manager you never see who is 6 levels above you and by they time they do eventually sign it your project is late. This is a prime example of management being a bottleneck rather than an enabler.
In a company which has gone through so many layoffs, there are also many petty issues around "my tuf" "your turf" and power politics.
All in all, probably best avoided. The pay is good as a contractor but that's probably because so few people want to work there. When I saw the equivalent pay for the same permanant jobs I just about fell off my seat in disbelief - they seem to underpay by around 25% min relative to the industry norm.. Weak management at the time. Not a lot I can think of. Except the cafeteria food is quite expensive and there tends to be company "rearranging" which sometimes end with people losing their jobs.. Not very strong leadership at the top and very aggressive goals.  Difficult to make your bonuses and sometimes micro-managed.  Very little formal coaching and inconsistent review mechanism. - Near impossible to move up 
- Call centre setting with heavy emphasis on call centre stats.
- Routine 
- Lack of challenge. If you are not a manager's friend don't think to get a better position.
Really weird management. Some managers act like dictators. Maybe they are in place for too long.. Poor leadership. Favouritism continuously displayed.  Not flexible.  Often not paid for overtime,, expected to get unreasonable amt of work completed in short time.  Salary is low.  Unreasonable demands/requests by management.. Cons include company growing pains to make back office more efficient.. not enough challenges and career growth. A lot of staff have been in the company for 10 years plus restricting the culture
Minimal promotion. The old timers harp back to the days of when SL was a mutual and don't realise that things had to change. Holidays are only average and pay is the same. Some incompetent people still tolerated (even at senior levels).. Montreal office needs renovations (very dark and non-motivating). Disconnection of management to front line employees.
Not doing what is talking.
Changes come out of blue, not consistent to what is talking (Ideas disconnect to front line employees).
No system to really help employee to grow in the company or management is not really consider it as a priority.. Management has issues with change and understanding people under them.  
Training is terrible
Salary is low. Comp is average at best, benefits are nothing to write home about. Management could do a better job of connecting with mid-level staff.. Management is very weak and human resources is also no help.. Sometimes, management does not see talent internally and looks elsewhere. Also, it would be great to get more detailed information about what options are available to invest in and the benefits of working at SL.. No 'against' comment to make.. Company is in process of outsourcing so there are fears amongst staff about redundancy. Despite this morale is reasonably high although senior management is treatly slightly suspiciously because of this.
Advancement opportunities seem limited although they do make efforts to give opportunities to reward hard work and skills. 
Training is rare at present.. There is a disconnect between the objectives of the transformation programme and the daily reality of employees.  The transformation programme aims to make the company a leading asset managing and long-term savings company and less of a traditional insurance company.  However, the strategy and tactics to transform the company are unclear.  Staff is being asked to do more with less with no end in sight and no understanding of what the company wants look like in the future.. Office renovations can't be finished soon enough - the bathrooms are antiquated, if not downright scary.  Lighting is dim on most of the floors, and the lack of assigned seating in some areas is a bit of a nuisance, considering this is the HQ of a global company with oodles of assets.  Meetings are used overzealously, when a quick phone call or a sametime message will suffice.. Too many processes make it difficult to get anything done. 
Employees and managers are overworked so you don't feel very supported
Software and IT facilities are very outdated and prohibitive. bad management - Management unable to properly train people, at the interview the job was not properly explained. Hard to move one in a department.. HR has too much authority. allow easier transfer between jobs within the company, so that if you decide on a different career path you can still stay in the company. Occasionally understaffed, too much focus on tracking employee time/metrics, instead of focusing on how to make employees work smarter, not harder.. The Calgary office has been pretty much closed down over the past couple of years with all of the positions having been moved to Quebec where it is cheaper to do business.. The downsides of working at standard life is its compatible with international insurance companies from US and Japan. Even though Standard life in on the way to internationalisation, its scale is still pretty small compared with AIG, AEGON, and so on. There are stills lots of further work can be done by Standard Life, including to start its new business in profitable emergying market. The less internationalisation of Standard Life narrow its scale of companies and also its risk management in policies. Working at Standarad Life hence has less oppertunities to extend broader career life path in the global market.. In the current climate, there are few opportunities to move and grow.  In some areas contractors are over-paid to produce inadequate work.  In some areas there is little respect for employees, and there is a significant blame culture which leads to back-covering impacting work turnaround.. Limited external training opportunitys within Fraud Team. Terrible Management

hi hi hi 

hi. Ambiguous pay and reward structure, any excuse not to award a pay rise, lack of promotion opportunities. Level 2&3 management seem mostly in it for their score cards. It's like they stop caring when they achieve that grade. It's command and control / management by numbers / sloppy shoulders / siloed mentality / "it's not my problem" / this week's highest priority is forgotten next week. / "we care about our people" but not our 3rd party suppliers because they are in India and they can work all gods hours / "who messed up, let's make an example of them"... the list goes on.. SHift patterns were a bit hmmmm. Outcome uncertain with intact merger. Slow to internally promote. Salary isn’t competitive in the market.. Very corporate, bureaucratic, slow moving, rigid,. Claims dept. run by a group of failed lawyers still trying to prove something to themselves and others! Place was summed on my first day when the union rep pursued me relentlessly to join advising I would need them WHEN I have my disciplinary ! And so it turned out ……... • can be very micro managed
• a huge amount of work 
• salary isn’t the greatest. Salary/benefits are average by comparison to other roles.. Politics politics politics politics politics. Old school rule, clicky, inflexiuble. None nothing negative about this place. Kind of slow paced work environment. Limited investment in recent years. Company don’t generally look after their staff, low pay for those promoted internally. Too big to operate efficiently. Some more flexibility required. None other than that. HR admin was very beaurocratic. Alot of pressure for very low money. You will be required to work evening and weekends although this on a rotation basis. None great place to work. Don’t invest in business enough. need more training in certain area. no progression, awful workload, upskilled with no payment increase and terrible bonuses and reward schemes.. Trouble with expenses lead to a lot of hiring freezes. Corporate redundancies a feature at times. some senior management dont listen. Lack of certainty as role changes constantly. The location was a bit remote to me. Some of the managers have been there forever and are a bit stuck in the past.. none that I can share. Slow pace and constant churn of mgmt. a bit like going back to high school as everyone is in everyone's business. Poorly executed changes, high turnover of senior staff, extremely poor IT. Nothing to report here so far. Far to travel to place of work. Financial study support isn't the greatest. Nothing in specific. Overall good experience. old fashioned approaches, people and systems, middle management focus on managing upwards, overloading and miss-management of needs of 'workers' at lower levels, departments work separately (left/right hand don't know what the other is doing), poor internal data/IT security, frameworks developed on who shouts the loudest not what is best or smartly developed, low salary, noncompetitive benefits, notice period they give you is 1 month, but you have to give them 3 months which is very unbalanced. Lack of ambition, direction and poor investment in core technology. Stressful job, little chance of advancement,
Should offer more vacation. Poor management, nobody knew what they were doing. No social atmosphere..feels like sweat shop.. None that I can think of. Being an insurance company, work levels can be in the hands of the gods. A storm or a flood can double workloads overnight. Thankfully, these are not every day occurrences. Probably underpays compared to the market. Management always play mind games. Can be stressful, shift work. Mundane
A lot of phone work up to 30 calls a day
Abuse from customers. Many management levels within departments. No complaints working there, it’s good. overworked, long hours, some rude staff, unprofessional. Too many redundancies year over year. Pay, salaries are low comparably speaking to other similar companies.. Outdated culture/mindset, high turnover, lack of transparency. Overly focused on squeezing operational expense. Company does not value employees, does not pay market value when promoted. Sometimes you feel like just a number. IT and systems are old. Confusing strategies that keep changing. Lack of communication. No appetite for growth or development. Underfunded
Low salary 
Low bonuses 
Poor IT
Uncertainty of future. Huge archaic legacy estate and no clear strategic vision of thinking, especially in IT. Key functions outsourced with little process knowledge. Short term thinking from leadership. nothing to my knowledge till i worked. Heavy workload, but not unreasonable. Outdated technology creates a lot of extra work and distracts from the role
Next to no training. Turn over, systems, product offer and capacities. Outsourced IT
Resource cut thin
Long hours culture. pay not competitive enough; some old school practices need upgrade. Poor IT services, minimal formal training for new employees. Time to get changes made. The pay because of the lack of earning potential once you hit a certain figure in your grade. However, because of the constant cutting of roles, there is little to no opportunity to move to the next level.. systems need to be updated.. Terrible pay. No incentive to progress. Like being at school with all the rules.. Low turn over rate and less promotion opportunities. Management are bad at their jobs. no cons a very good company. The company tends to focus on rolling out their own projects and does not pay enough attention to the insights from the lower ranks. No cons. Great place to work.. Needs fresh thinking and grit to change. More pressure on individuals to complete ever more work with limited resources. Increasing demands to achieve more with less. Don't expect much from them
Constantly dangling the carrot of New opportunities in front of you and never follow through. Lack of bonus
Hard to progress. Hard to obtain senior level roles or projects when the same people are always selected based on favouritism. Pay doesnt match the work. Staff stretched. Need more staff or less process. Can have individuals that block. Cant think of any at the moment. Senior Management is very good and seems keen to make the most of employee's skills. There's a drive to ensure diversity - but only at the HO level. At branch level, management is very poor, offering no encouragement and only promoting those that fit a certain mold. Managers are promoted to their position based solely on tenure, rather than people or managerial skills.. not best pay package in industry. Other teams outside of marketing seem a little bit boring. Low staffing, not enough support for employees.. Pay, communication, Time management, Bonus, Holiday. Systems are very out dated. No cons that I can think of. Very bad pay for the about of work you have to do. Awful management. Non Stop HR BS. Bureaucracy, politics and rigid policies hindering business progress. Bad management employee not taken into account. Low pay, toxic colleagues and management. Long hours doesn't pay great. The systems and technology is old.. I'm not sure I noticed any. RSAM pride themselves in supporting their customers with mental illness but treat their staff with mental illness like criminals. No availability to take holiday. No support. No progression unless your face fits. No opportunities. Poor salary for what’s expected from you.. No cons at the moment. Used to be a great place to work but stressful since the 2012 shambles. too hectic, can feel out of control. Can’t think of any negatives. Archaic view on IT and extremely limited view of what Digital can provide.. Some catching up to do with competitors. Some of the technology could be better but they are working on this.. - over ambitious targets affect bonuses
- outdated mentalities still present despite restructuring and new technology. Lower end salaries compared to others.. Not a lot of room for error. 
Training is extensive but sugar coated.
Work life balance is horrible because the hours are horrible.. No con as such Here. Market is somewhat saturated, limited growth options. I can’t think of anything. Frequent restructures and culture needs improving. Too much senior management churn and too many senior management protecting their positions rather than driving forward much-needed change. Constant change in focus. Treat mental health appropriately and not just as a tick box exercise. Low salary, no retention, dont care about retaining good staff, dont hire enough people. Little or no career progression.. Good times are over, lots of cost cutting. None. An overall great company. Quite stressful and frustrating to actually get something done due to an overly complicated and chaotic flow system.. Too tied up in the process, the regulation, the hierarchy and the politics. Not enough challenge and not the right culture to want to change or innovate, and certainly not customer-centred.. pay is the only real con. Cumbersome processes - but improving. a lot of nitty gritty work. Can't think of any now. Everything takes ages to implement and direction from management team keeps changing.. - Advancement opportunities as much to do with internal politics as ability or performance.

- Low annual salary increases (below cost of living).

- Awful performance review system. Seems designed to manage bonus payout rather than objectively assess individual performance (difficult to make target bonus, forget about max).

- Group driven expense saving above all else has hollowed out the company.. Annual raises are below the annual increase in the cost of living.. Lots of outsourcing, old technology, not very agile, little challenge. - To many 3rd party companies. Lay offs were frequent and there was uncertainty. Lack of performance management & office politics overshadow what could be a brilliant company.  Rewards are poor by comparison to others.. Pay lip service to customer
too internally focussed
too cost focussed, exiting people with experience 
lack of clarity of direction. Size of company , pay can be less than market. Bonuses were generally small. In part due to overall performance of company whilst I was there.. Its an endless list. All starts and end with top management. In recent 2 years this company is going downwards and only reason is upper management. They don't do anything other then bossing people and taking advantage of there power.. Legacy Culture Infrastructure needs investment. Bonuses retracted with no definitive answer, lower pay in comparison to market, managers string you along.. Pay, parking, holidays, understaffed at times. After a certain point, not many opportunities for salary growth. please give more holiday to enjoy time. No real growth opportunities+ Misrepresentation of job roles and opportunities.
Every hour is recorded like you are in school. 
Top management is extremely judgemental of young employees. 
External stakeholders are worshipped out of proportion.. the location is not ideal. Constant re-organisation.  Every 12months.  The whole of the  uk centres could be outsourced and eventually off shored.   Could save millions.  Needs to be done quickly to bring them into the modern day.  Cheaper Operational costs.. Being  connected to the right people is most important, second to your social activity on the company intranet site.. Progression. Weekend working. Evenings. Bonus. Regional offices can be colloquial 
Centralized structure can create HO / Regional tensions. A lot of changes case load complaints targets. Bureaucracy overload and old technology in parts of the business. As a company they care more about stats than the actual employees it seems. Overall comp not competitive relative to market. Management should support people with mental health conditions and not force them out of their role.. Very little accountability held by those in positions of authority. Far to many middle managers who see time served as a virtue. The middle managers are  the most de-motivated and uninspiring leaders for any positive change. Given the time served they are accustom to 'this is how we have always done it' and are too afraid or lack confidence for change. They constantly seek ideas from lower level staff simply because they are so detached from what people actually do, but mask it as developing our performance.. Difficult to get time off, relatively low pay, some unsociable hours.. Too many unmotivated dinosaurs in management waiting out for their pensions or redundancy packages, afraid to do anything bold or different.. Bad team leaders, no ownership, they don't appreciate nor care for employers. Too much red tape, and need to be more supportive of front line staff. at the time decision making and change could take more time than desired. A little chaotic with too much outsourcing. No downside. I'm very positive about my experience at RSA and I understand why changes are made, which is usually the biggest complaint by employees. We cannot stand still.. we wouldn't survive.. Salaries can be quite stagnant. Not the best company if you are looking to grow internally. salaries below market average,  poor communication across the organisation. If you don't like insurance, it can get boring REAL quick.. Very dependant on what department you end up in i work in a service driven phone team and it can be a very stressful environment 
Management put excessive pressure on the staff because of mistakes made or targets not being met  
Currently undergoing poorly managed change 
lack of communication about some changes 
vigorous and unrealistic targets and performance ratings. Absolute awful place to work , been here over 12 months no hope of progression , if you look to move on you almost have to beg then you get some mo Mark team leader giving you the thumbs down with a smirk on their face . You only get on here if your related to someone or best mates with a leader.  Training is woefully inadequate the team leaders are a joke who just walk around all day going nothing , worst year of my life , virtually everyone on in our team is looking to.leavr but at the best us totally demoralised and depressed. Restrictive working environment
Doesn't rightly reward employees. Bad shifts - Management didn't know what to do with them.
Outside companies being used to train customer service - just don't, it didn't fit the company.
Management didn't care - they promoted the work place as a "great place to work" - as long as you sucked up and brown nosed it was fine, otherwise if you're the type to go in, do your job and get paid then avoid.   They don't want that.
Management who started at the bottom and forget where they came from.. Too much audit internally.. Simply don't get paid enough. Inconsistent training
Low pay model which is not in line with cost of living
Few career opportunities. Bullying and incompetent management, nepotism and patronage. everything and anything is bad. Huge pressure on bottom line, erosion of employee engagement (and seemingly, executive interest in it). Terribly managed UK business that only succeeded in cost cutting.
'Transformation' projects were farcical but everyone was forced to say how great they were. They merely served to outsource work to consultancies so managers could kick back, ask to be presented to and pick from different options.
Commerial Pricing (and Underwriting) totally lacked direction and were unable to improve the underwriting result.
Pricing added little to no value and merely followed process. Impact on the actual underwriting wasn't valued as long as boxes were ticked and slides were delivered to CUOs.
1000s of meetings were instigated which led to nothing.
Data systems weren't understood and delivered no meaningful data to work with.
Micro-management was rife.. Pay and benefits are poor. No real useful staff discounts. For the pay the stress is not worth it!!! Rsa are the most lowest paid motor insurance jobs also you will start on one job and end up working 4 different peoples jobs on the same pay and you will work 8-8 plus saturdays whilst all the other departments work the same job work 9-5 and have weekends off and then if your not happy you get told there is the door. A lot of talent has now left leaving them short on expertise
Customers see them as very hard to engage with
Not interested in writing new business
Poor morale. Training very poor, trainers I worked with very immature, the team were more interested in playing games than actual training.
If you want progress than don't be very good at your job, or other wise just become good friends with the management.
Bonuses are every six months however unless you hit targets and are within the top three, not worth it.also if you are absent more than 3 times, you are pulled up into formal hearing, then have 6  months warning on your record and banned from any bonus or overtime.. Holidays - You basically have to plan your years worth in January but you aren’t even guaranteed them. I don’t know what I’m having for tea tonight, never mind where I’m gonna be in 6 months.
Forced multi skilling - Not what the job we applied for, no one’s happy with it and it’s reduced the amount of potential job progression.
Wage - It was never fantastic to start with but is also one of the lowest motor claims wages in the area and across major insurers in the UK. But now with the previously mentioned multi-skilling being put on us everyone feels overworked and underpaid (and under appreciated in a lot of cases).
Self important higher management structure - going back to the unappreciated thing here. We constantly get updates about how well the higher ups are doing and what wonderful and brilliant new ideas and roles they have. The ideas are rarely implemented and its even rarer the pose any benefit to frontline staff and lower management.. Limited help with getting started.
Work was reviewed after 2 weeks on the job.
I was left on my own and bullied by a nasty person working in a different province
I thought full-time staff are supposed to be treated a little better, but it was the complete opposite.
Salary was OK, but no bonus as the organization is losing money!!!. Poor salary.
Lots of unnecessary meetings and team huddles.. Inefficient with their processes 
Management does not want to listen to their employees or feedback
Cant take time off because of workload
Unreasonable expectations from “the top” given workload (120-150 claims)
Not much diversity 
Frustrating inefficient  internal operating procedures
Old school mindset. Where to start...
Answer the phone and hope we meet SLA is the daily mantra
Send emails out asking staff for positive reviews instead of wondering why so many negative reviews about RSA on line.
No leadership,so demotivating,if you have any ambition go somewhere else. Not really any cons.  As with any call centre environment there are pressures to meet targets but you are supported well to achieve this.  Outwith the call centre area (where I work), there aren't really any cons.. The main con is the situation with booking holidays. You have to plan your entire year of holidays in January and it is really difficult to get the dates you want.
This means that if you fancy a spontaneous few days away during the year, or if there's an event you decide you want to go to, it is pretty much impossible to get the time off.. The downside would be having to go and work for other companies to then realise that the grass isn't always greener, and what you had before you left, is what you still value from working for a large organisation and the reason why I came back.. Leaders can be hypocritical, zone into those who aren’t working as hard but aren’t doing much themselves. Targets aren’t too high but still impossible to reach, not based on performance but on what calls you take that month, out of your control. Some colleagues are sly and make working there intolerable. Pay not that great and often working late shifts (12-8).. Senior management sometimes impose things without thinking it through fully, but , certainly of late, they accept when a mistake has been made. Lack of support from upper management, too much focus on SLA to the detriment of employees mental health, progression takes too long, lack of disciplinary action for underperforming colleagues, pay and pension changes were handled badly, training can be sub par, systems are outdated and prone to crashing, can be hard to book time off.. Office politics
Workload
Managing expectations 
Excess of meetings. Holidays could be organised slightly better. Complacent people, clueless executives caring for their own progressing but not actually wanting to change the organisation for the better. 
So far behind the pack in terms of technology, culture, people. 
People don't care, most people are waiting to retire or get made redundant, extremely low performance culture 
Leaders have zero emotional intelligence. 
Everyone knows the company can close down any minute or get sold, no one cares about it's future- not execs, not people on the floor
Also, stop promoting people because they're old so they must know what they're doing - you're surrounding yourself with people who don't care to make a different and don't challenge the status quo.. Need to be more transparent from senior leadership. The decision making process is painful - countless decks for the simplest of decisions - minutes and actions not recorded so decisions are forgotten and then you go through the painful loop again.  Speed to market is ridiculous.

Goal setting is done in a bubble and dictated to the experts - who could have provided so much more input.  

A real lack of ambition - supposedly one of the values of the organisation - many things are a tick box to say we have done something - whereas the real value would lie in a different solution.. Limited Company Aspirations 
Pay only competitive if External Candidate. Only thing I can think of is they work load is sometimes challenging but there are enough people to lean on for support so that you alway accomplish targets in time.. A lot of focus on achieving phone SLA can often mean a lack of focus on people.. Opportunities for progression from junior levels are awful. Worked unbelievably hard in this job and often it goes completely unnoticed because it is so cliquey here that unless you're best mates with those already in management, you haven't got a chance in hell of progressing.

Pay and rewards are very poor; if you do well one year by working your backside off you might get a 3% pay rise instead of 2% which translates to a few extra hundred quid.. Lack of reward, reduction over the years of any benefits, forced multi skilling, staff not replaced leading to increased workloads. depressing atmosphere. Get sold already.
Management is awful. They only care about the numbers - not the staff that help them get there.
They treat you like garbage.. Benefits not what they used to be - but still lots of good options to suit different people. Black and white policies for people with disabilities
Too many people abusing the scheme
Too few staff dealing with vulnerable customers
No career progression
Cliquey. Treated by management as a number. They just want stupid people with no ambition.. inconsistent leadership; don't care about employee too focused on cost cutting. Inconsistent approach on management. I have worked in multiple teams and rules for things like holiday and flex etc differ. Treatment of staff varies significantly across departments. Bonus is awful. Recruitment sell you a wonderful bonus package that hasn’t come into force in years.. This company is a joke.  Just existing to get purchased.  I work in IT and all there is here is a bunch of people who should just retire.  No direction.  No good ideas.  No ability to do what is correct for insurance in Canada.  currrent leadership is from an american who has no jurisdictional knowledge at all.  Not that it stops him from talking.  high turn over so in a week or so he should be gone, but still no core team to make this work.  Really wish I never came here.  What a joke.. *Few leaders knew how to be a "good" leader.
*Bonus structure was very flawed and arbitrary. 
*Didn't feel the Executive team really cared about the staff.. - Old hierarchy in the company with favoritism
- Managers play the blame game to the lower level and do not take ownership of the project.
- Senior management is double faced and takes the matters personally.. Can be a bit conservative. Lower end of pay scale, multiple management changes.. Slow to change, poor tech stack, not very diverse. Many changes and management turn overs, company is doing a lot of outsourcing looking for cost savings.. Medium market payer, limited parking, two year tiered learning contract (industry standard) but risk you take if you decide insurance is not for you.. Slow to embrace technology and change. Strategy and vision was poorly articulated and executed. Very top heavy management.. management is very disorganized, lots of movement.. One of the worst employment experiences of my life. All the other reviews containing information about bullying culture, micro-management and lack of true desire to make improvements are correct.  Key players with long service have a desire to maintain the status quo and therefore protect themselves. If you challenge the status quo or try to introduce anything new/efficient/agile you will be forced out.  Endless focus on powerpoints and spreadhseets over tangible action and output. There's no sense of culture/fun/buzz in the offices and retention is very poor, people are leaving in droves.  And no-one really cares.. Aged systems and work practises. No one wanted to make any improvements. A culture of bullying. Different shift patterns can be annoying. - Micro management
-  CEO rarely engages with staff
- Can  be a difficult culture. Old school processes - focus on reducing the number of staff. Gap between espoused culture and current culture not properly understood by senior leaders such that visible ownership in driving change can move faster.. Understaffed and constantly busy
Constant cuts to benefits and bonus is never good 
Unrealistic expectations. Too much work to do for little pay. No praise, cannot go to the loo, computers don’t work on a morning, make you late signing in and they still put a late mark against you.. not the career i wanted to pursue, however if you would like down this route then definetly a good place to work.. No Challenging work
career gowth wise not recommended. Pay is not reflective of experience and skillset.. It’s in Dundrum shopping centre, you’ll spend all your wages !!. Obsession with FTE reduction - the only driver for change driving all behaviours. Under appreciated, Executive Leadership actions do not align with their message; they rush to the shiny object and try to do too much at once without managing the impact of the change.. Shift patterns 
Unreal expectations for claims per hour. bad salary and bad culture. benefits are a but disappointing. work load is heavy, long commute. Think of you only as a number.. Progression can be difficult at times. Have outsourced quite a lot of work abroad which may not be a good sign. Company is under financial pressure which impacts morale and difficult to progress and receive promotions.. Reduction of employee benefits and increase of turnover of staff in the recent years.. eternal questioning, unstable direction, no updated guidelines for several years, no long-term vision.. senior management have no control over team leaders in chc. bully culture is rife. managers talk openly about staff problems and make fun of advisors in front of other staff. The company is awful. They’ve basically laid off all their core staff.. Massive building is they have a. Poor job security
In recent years staff are not treated well - it’s all about cost saving without thought for its affect on RSA’s people. 
IT is awful especially when it goes wrong and it does
No work/ life balance - as if you don’t have enough to do with your day job they heap on many little extras due to lack of resources
Difficult to get some of the requested work completed as everyone is so busy
Offer a good potential bonus - actual bonus is insulting if you get one that is!
Not very corporate. Very little support from Management and not a lot of growth opportunities, including salaries.. Slow, not swift at decision making. easy to get into a 'dead man's shoes' situation. There's always great ideas on what needs to get done within the organization but it hardly see any results/actions.. No pay increases or opp to advance. Bloated management structure. Not very transparent. Constant change for change's sake.. Only allowed to do certain email claims. Too many politics  Too many chiefts, not enough indians.  Work load,  Used to be valued, now just a number. Lots of red tape, hierarchical. Company performance and job security was adversely affected by the issues in Ireland, forcing many people to go. Too many changes, lack of employee appreciation.. Everything! 
The bosses are catty and terrible. The UK is oblivious to how terrible their Canadian staff is, even when they try to tell them.. Old fashioned
Not very embracing of diversity
Long hours. Executive leadership
Culture
Lack of opportunities
Lack of work/life balance
Politics

* Lack of = non existent. Boring job and that stuff. Opportunities are slim and there are redundancies. nil nil nil nil nil. didn't find any  Cons with the company.. total chaos was working on a team of 3 when there was suppose to be 8 300 claims portfolio not managable.. Slow to move.
Slow to change.
Look backwards not forwards.
If innovation is your thing, it may not be the place for you.. - Internal restructuring is ongoing and there is a risk of change fatigue 
- Compensation and benefits are only average in comparison to other insurers. work life integration can be made better. poor culture & moral,  white boards , no direction, outsourcing. Limited scope for career progression. Not a digital culture.. internal progression isn't met with salary increase. Values: a lot of political games and if you are a woman or a junior manager you feel you need to work twice harder .... The rotating shift patterns ruin my sleeping pattern and therefore it's the only bad thing.. I decided to leave RSA as I could not stand the environment anymore. Management have the right idea to improve systems and automate what can be automated but the execution is a disaster. No one is happy, everyone can see that management are so desperate to cut costs that they have made the company a place where experience has been drained away, people that were left were expected to do too much as systems were not fully integrated, in a company which pays terribly. Unless of course you are management. It has become a crude top heavy company who's only focus is to  ensure execs and top management get paid.

To summarise, there are less people who have to to do their job, while running transformation projects which aren't complete, while spending 60% of time on audit and control. The irony is that they are more prone to mistakes because people have no time to think. If you see yourself as a highly qualified professional then avoid this company.. no cons visible in beginning. Limited opportunities for advancement. Used to be a great place to work. Bit by bit, benefits have been chipped away, real-term pay has dropped significantly and major decisions are made with only short-term views in mind and a focus purely on cost reduction. 

Very little confidence in the long-term health of the company, particularly when you see so many great senior leaders jumping ship.. No cons at this company.. Managers who know nothing to little about the actual job of the people they're managing
If your face doesn't fit, it doesn't matter how good you actually are at your job; you'll be overlooked for any positive feedback/progression
Disposable attitude to staff; no attempt at staff engagement other than throwing a (little) bit of money at some organised 'fun' aimed at young people
Overtime on permanently as they're don't hire enough people but constantly reiterate that they've done the maths and there's enough full time employees to cover the work
Atmosphere of dislike from management to their teams and overly obvious false pleasantries 
Management talk about each other to each other in ear shot of staff
Management talk about staff members in a derogatory fashion when they're not there, in earshot of other staff
Nothing is ever confidential- gossipy environment
Spanish Inquisition style tactics if you call in sick or are unable to attend due to a family member's illness
None sense 'brand beliefs' that don't translate into anything tangible and if you do try to demonstrate some thing; they're not interested
Air conditioning is crap; you'll be lucky to sit in a chair where you're not either permanently freezing or too hot
No cohesion between departments/sites
Over use of buzz words
No real training of any value given
Old fashioned management style- treated like children despite age/experience/ etc 
Staff aren't trusted 
Bonus is minimal and decided by ever shifting goal posts for measuring 'personal performance '
Too many 'improvement initiatives' that are nonsense pr don't address root of problems
Too many box ticking exercises. very set in their ways. 
focused purely on bottom line and npt on employees. 
canteen is limited so shopping centre is the only option. no microwaves. 
long hours due to pointless tasks with no real benefit. 
lip service as to improvements. Management don't care about staff and have old fashion views, you have to look and sound "right"  rather than being good at the job to get ahead. 
Benefits cut for staff
Workloads placed on people at the bottom too high and too many middle managers not earning their wage.
Poor wages and reviews in to them showed role was undervalued for both the company and the wider industry but management made little effort to rectify and constantly delayed a decision.
Job insecurity is high due to numerous redundancies and company getting planning permission for office "just  in case”.
Any staff remotely good at their job moves on after a few years due to lack of progression.. Mid-level management and most of the staff has zero ambition, so trying to show some ambition yourself is not taken well and every effort is made to make you feel out of place.. Culture has changed and is anti-part time, flexible working isn't really an option despite policies to the contrary. Little opportunity for progression to senior management in Liverpool.. Not a very good payer. Historically there has been a good benefits package but that has been watered down very considerably. Staff motivation is not what it was and there is an overwhelming expectation that redundancies and cuts are always on the horizon.. Lack of office space
Lack of Trust in work performed
Dirty Office Politics
Management does not value your hard work
Use and Throw policy. Low Salary, no vision and proper management. poor pay and bonuses, no progression London looks externally. Bullying mentality forcing staff to change contracts Willy nilly discriminating against people with children forcing staff out deemed as un cooperative due to family commitments. Badly managed managers and team leaders. Overall NOT a great place to work as they advertise more like a terrible discriminatory unfair miserable place to work. Unachievable targets make it easy for "managers" to build a case on reasons to force you out as you no longer fit the business need. Requests for flexible working denied with no good reason.. Unachievable targets. Atmosphere of paranoia. Shifts are changed at whim of management. Very shady data collection demanded on existing customers for up sell and cross sell. Ponderously slow old systems. At renewal of policy there's ALWAYS discount available but this is only given if demanded- hardly a decent way to treat long term customers. Worst atmosphere I've ever worked in a varied 20 year career. Management is a clique far more interested in impressing each other than providing good service or supporting staff stretched paper thin with their unreasonable and incessant demands.. Management, office environment, staff, HR services, general support for staff.  Staff are just there to gossip and create an uncomfortable and 'cliquey' office environment - if you do not want to be a part of this, you are the victim
 of it. Awful place to work.. Long hours depending on the lines of work.. Too many internal politics and no structural growth. -A lot of bad sentiment from a few of the staff that had ben there a long time about the way RSA used to be run.
-Benefits etc not a good as before.
-Should consider higher pay / bonus to entice more staff to stay.. A stagnating workplace where the culture is very negative and passive aggressive behaviour is the default management style.  People are generally unhappy and unfufilled.

If you value your professional career and want to develop as an individual I would avoid RSA Finance.  Senior management have no desire to build, create or innovate, but instead are fixated on cost cutting and overloading the staff that remain whilst personally reaping the rewards or angling for massive redundancy payouts.

There is little or no investment in staff and the management is a neptistic and lacks real quality.

There are still some genuinely good people left, but these are definitely in the minority.. Terrible Salaries, Terrible Managers, Graveyard Atmosphere,. The company has been decimated to less than a third of its original size due to bad M&A deals from the top of the house.
Instability due to fragile size creates volatility in roles and future of employment. Working here is literally like being back in school. The immaturity and lack of intelligence and general retarded behaviours are all too normal for this company. From my experience the mangers are blind old women that are being manipulated by trainers that have deep psychological issues and behave like they have serious mental problems requiring professional medical help into.  to say that these people come across like and behave like they are better than others. They told lies and conned people into accepting the job and then treat them like they are the ones who are stupid. These people are the most rude and stupid knuckle dragging morons that I have ever had to work for. 
After training on they day we started on the main floor they said ' Oh by the way everybody leaves after 3 months' OMG what a bunch of idiots they must be.   They are the common garden variety of retarded old people that you find in the small corners of this country. Apparently its very hard to get the sack at this company.. Career opportunities and training is poor. HR, is only about the company not the employee, and CEO makes himself look good by selling out good loyal  people. All about upper management. IT is outdated and difficult to get anything done in a reasonable timeframe as it's outsourced offshore. 
Too many strong and experienced people have been made redundant, leaving big holes in the business and management.. Going through lots of transformation and job cuts over last couple years so it's tough on culture and morale. Lots of transition on some teams and leadership consistently changing. Other contractors commented that the RSA culture was "like the public sector". I said, "No, it's like the public sector was 25 years ago".  Poor decision making, lack of willingness to take responsibility or be held accountable for performance, lack of transparency about activities that were going to have a major impact on people's livelihoods. Muddled management lines, a plethora of "systems", and poor use of the key systems that could have supported improved performance. When you see people wheeling trolleys loaded with paper files from A to B you wonder if this really is the 21st century.. The senior management is not competent or strong enough. They are not able to take stand and decide in right direction. This is one of the primary reasons why RSA went through such difficult times in 2014-2015. Especially senior management in the Group is quite incompetent.. Poor management and leadership, too much work on people, crappy pay. BA role has no representation within senior IT management resulting in challenging work environment. Enterprise Architects seem to run IT and Business projects which causes conflicts within project team (duplication of effort, responsibility boundaries blurry).. The politics. During my time there, the management was more about making things seem alright but not being upfront with the real situation. There was little leadership on the middle management level and are not able to bring the best out of people.. Very restrictive processes, implement workarounds to problems rather than fixing.. Way too many old school programs, techniques and thinking, updating could make many jobs more efficient and effective. Bureaucratic, merit based on relationship and bad at execution.. Lot of change going on. Slow Network, Unorganized projects, IT support not enough. It is hard to critisise as I have not worked there for a while. Perhaps they could move with the times more.. Lack of structure, processes, strategy. Life-balance is hard to achieve. Culture not great.. too many shifting priorities for management
too many tools. Constant change, cost-cutting and management who are distant from staff. slow and inefficient processes.  Not enough authority or trust placed in underwriters to do their jobs properly.. the management sucks. they all gossip about each other. Bullying was terrible. Only saving grace was that the bully left to join another local insurer before getting the boot. We all laughed when we found out that the new employer sacked him on the last day of his 12 month probationary period. Karma is good.. Salary - which is the main reason I am leaving.. There is a bit of favouritism in employment  opportunities. Best to get in with the right people. Less focus on great people and their development. Usual inconsistencies. Just find a great leader. There's loads of them about. Just about everything. Antiquated systems, too many things being done manually, management is a joke that's incapable of making a decision...the list goes on. They have spent a fortune using one consulting firm after another because management lacks vision and has no clear strategy. They have turned into a bunch of puppets and when the consultants pull their strings they do whatever their told to do. It is unbelievable that this company has managed to be in business as long as they have. The morale is so low that they actually still talk about collaboration within the departments. This is how out of touch the management is with the staff. They let go hundreds of people over the course of a few years and talk collaborating. With who exactly? There's only skeleton staff left. Management even insists on doing menial administrative tasks and then complain how busy they are. It is just laughable!!. Not much room for growth
Pay not as good
Health Benefits are okay, not the best. This is an immature organization that for reasons unknown has tried to implement an unwieldily pmo process.  Why? Who knows.  Nothing is automated.  Lots of useless data entry.  Lots of forms.  Lots of forms.  Forms that have no value.  Forms that nobody every looks at.  Forms that mean nothing.  Forms that duplicate each other.The only job of the PM at RSA is to shuffle paper around.  And no core pm system.  PMO sits in IT for goodness sake.  There is a literal army of people ticking check boxes whilst nobody actually runs the shop.  PMO doesn't have even the most basic metrics that could be useful. Also most people are contractors so there is no incentive for anyone to improve anything.  The more time consuming the process the more money they make - from the people creating all the forms to the army of people ticking boxes.  So happy to be gone.. * Their idea of development is to progressively increase your responsibilities, workload and underwriting licence but very little or no promotion opportunities depending on what team you are in.
* The annual bonus is dependant on the overall Ireland result (and they usually don't make a profit)
* They pay way below the insurance market rate, well below what Zurich, NFU etc pay for the same job.
* You start off at a level 6 pay grade but once established you'll be expected to do level 5, work with no pay increase.. Clueless management, antiquated IT, stubborn refusal to realise the company is in the toilet amongst long serving staff who just want to retain the status quo. Poor decisions made by Management. Rigid management. Team leaders mostly inexperienced - people managers with very little insurance knowledge. Little or no opportunities to progress past a certain level. Poor salaries well below market average. Turning into a call centre.. office relocated to peterborough unfortunately. Lack of training or clear procesess. Lack of communication between connect branches of the company. 
Lack of training. All training is "on the job" but different people have differnent ideas about how to do something so you get a muddled message. No leadership.  No vision.  Nobody setting the world on fire.  Permanent staff are a collection of people who have been highly unsuccessful elsewhere.  The rest are a massive amount of contractors and consulting houses.  Not one iota of common sense anywhere. These folks are looking to maximize their billing time on the pay per hour front, and the Also-Ran's who are staff aren't wise enough to call them on it.  The result is a ridiculous environment where things that should be a 2 minute conversation are actually 3 month engagements.  This place is nut.  And I am a contractor.  I should be happy to just bill bill bill.. Poor communication and engagement from Management, they don't seem to have any respect or loyalty towards staff, don't appreciate the staff who continuously worked hard to help the company recover from the scandal a few years back, Pay freeze has been ongoing for a number of years and bonus etc is non-existent. Overall very poor culture and environment and staff seem extremely unhappy. Management form mid-level upwards really need to make changes in how they interact with staff. Lack of clear strategy and a strong leadership team. Cut-backs on expenditure. More work and less staff. Staff morale at all time low. Managers who manage upwards rather than downwards. limited access to information and mobility. Tight deadlines, Traffic might be an issue (can take hours if you get stuck in one). Perpetual change programme & transformation leading to high turnover. Exec have become more distant from staff in recent years.. Low wages adjustment programs over a period of time. Micro management, a lot of red tape hindering common sense approach to work, not a huge amount of opportunities.. Have seen company terminating office for many permanent employees due to redundancy.. Rigid management structure could slow down decisions. Remuneration growth is slow. 
Operating expenses over shadow the need to give employees the much needed boost in pay. Very much the case in last few years that majority of the business areas were trying to do more and more work with fewer and fewer people. Job losses were announced on a very regular basis. Majority of benefits were gradually taken off us. No room for growth and development. Feels like company wants you to be complacent.. Could be a bit bureaucratic but this brings stability and consistency. I had to transfer companies due to a TUPE agreement.. too many bosses and changes. Management, Executives, Double standards, Inconsistency. The quality of middle and lower management is hit or miss. Good intentions from leadership do not always trickle down to employees due to poor management in the middle. There has been cut-backs to the benefit plan recently. Many employees have been with the company for 20+ years so it is hard to bring in changes or to modernize workflow.. Company has been in transition for years, lots of layoffs and people 'retiring'. People who are left are expected to do the jobs of more than one person. Company doesn't provide any funding for staff appreciation for employees, no Christmas party or anything. Bad local management, old fashion cultural practices. Limited parking. I do not really have much else to add under cons but glassdoor want at least 20 words.. Company performing poorly 
Moral low. No work life balance.
Often unrealistic expectations in changing environments.
Extremely political, high senior exec turnover.. Sometimes difficult to propose new ideas.
---------------
----. Senior and Executive management have no idea what's going on "in the trenches" on the front lines, nor do they have any strategic direction for the company whatsoever.. many work from home, internal re-structuring might make it hard for some teams. Benefits have been slowly eroded over the years, currently you get very little. 
Current pension scheme performs very poorly, redundancy pay is the minimum legal requirement.
There are additional benefits you can sign up to (healthcare etc) but these have to be paid for out of your salary and you can often find cheaper alternatives on the open market.
Staff morale is low, workloads are through the roof. This is a company which simply does not care for it's employees well being.
The company is constantly being restructured and the threat of redundancy comes around regularly.
10 years ago this was a great company to work for, now I would not recommend it to anyone. IT systems are crap, little/no autonomy in country operations as all the decisions are made from HO. Not As big as it used too. People do not matter as much as in the past. It is all about process and profit.. Management on all levels palm off any suggestions as negativity.  Career development is very limited and unless you know someone higher up the food chain, you don't stand a chance.  They created schemes to help staff develop themselves and move up the ladder, but the modules and dates set for these get cancelled once they receive the Investor in People status.  Severe reductions and changes to the redundancy packet and pension pack are some examples of how they look after their staff.. Legacy systems that need updating. But fast moving and professional. Undergoing huge organisational changes at present the worst aspect is poor or non existent communication with staff. points with high work load. No formal qualifications assistance given due to cut backs on finance over past few years.. Lack of loyalty to longtermers
Loss of experienced employees
Too many company accountants not enough insurance savvy people managers. "Male and Pale" leadership team. Lacks spark, innovation and originality. Just the most tedious company I have ever worked for.  One of those companies where, when asked what you do, you name your career, not the company you work for.. There is a big struggle with technology, there is often not enough investment in quality technical staff and it's too bureaucratic at times. The strategy sessions are embarrassing, with the management team rolled out to inject enthusiasm and they need some work on being more 'businesslike' in their decision making.. Clings to systems instead of trusting Underwriters
Only way to increase pay is to leave the company for a competitor. Frequent restructure especially in Horsham. - expectation level is way off the charts.
- unorganised. No cons to mention.. Out of business in current location. Approvals can take some time.. Many times an Employee ends up with ample amount of work with tight deadlines.. Has had major difficulties, which hugely affected morale within the staff.  Lack of communication during this phase, but has come through the far side now.. Low employee moral as company is downsizing.. Decision making is not efficient and can make company feel undynamic at times... Lots and lots of change going on which can be draining at times. No major cons for this company. Rough working environment - very combative.
Lots and lots of politics amongst senior management.
Still restructuring and may be more fallout from that.. Money, Management seemed incompetent and things never ran smoothly. too many restructure,communicate too late. Currently facing work loads, team are bigger, seems no progression steps for employees, systems are upgraded but not working as expected. I don't have any negative feedback.. local market awareness, locally not a market leader, and needs new ideas. Indecision is what summarises RSA. A business that is waiting to be sold off. All that happens is cost cutting. Bullying is normal. Senior leaders are only interested in themselves. bullies are rewarded and valued.. Fairly new to developing horizontal organizational processes such as project management, change management, strategy, etc.. Restructuring has led to a decline in morale.  Very politicized and reactive in certain areas.  Certain VPs are in over their heads and micromanage far too much.  Certain managers have terrible interpersonal skills and one wonders how they got there in the first place given that they are there to "manage" people.  On the whole, I'd caution individuals from joining this firm at this time.  Once upon a time, it was a good place to work but that was a while ago.. Hester does not care about the staff, only the share price and short term fixes so he can earn his bonus - whilst screwing over the staff by taking half the Redundancy away and killing the pension. Sell your shares in RSA before it falls further. They put out a rubbish 2 minute video about the company expecting people to believe all the lies. The Bloomberg survey was fixed as staff were told how to reply!. Internal systems can be at times frustrating. So much red tape, ultra conservative compliance departments, rubbish (I mean REALLY rubbish) policy administration systems, the new executive team have only been in place for a year or 2 and have pretty much removed all remaining benefits of working here(pension/redundancy terms etc). Morale is at rock bottom- stay well clear.. Horrible upper management, rude, all-girl cat fight club. If you hate someone, advise them to work there.. To turn the company around tough decisions have to be made to streamline and reduce cost. This can be painful and interpreted by loyal staff as a kick in the teeth.. Too many key staff left the company.. Raises are non existent, not enough upper management engagement, departments do not speak to each other, too many systems that don't speak to each other. Wage not competitve with others in the industry. I can't see any, we're going through a lot of change. To many this is hard, but I see the challenge as new opportunities on the horizon, allowing you to grow in this exciting time.. No help, no recognition for extra efforts. Limited growth oppurtunities are limited. Pay is very inconsistent. They don't pay in-line with experience and you shouldn't expect a pay rise unless you specifically ask for it - they won't recognise that you are doing well and think to offer you one. Also various people have joined with little or no experience and have salaries higher than some long standing employees, which can cause a negative dynamic within teams.. No loyalty to staff
Work space crowded and noisy
Look out if you're over 50, good chance you'll be packaged off. Announcements this week that Defined Benefit pension to be closed in October 2016 and redundancy terms to be halved and otherwise modified so that it can't be added to pension pot .... When our pensions were previously modified to a contribution basis, I chose to pay in 7% in return for 1/80ths .... Had been final salary and then 1/60ths for 2%, and now it is unlikely that I'll ever get what I've paid in back......and that in my book is theft.  Hester wants to save £2M in making these changes when he would be losing so much wealth in underwriting and claims handling experience that it's soooo shortsighted.  He could always forego some of his fat cat salary and prop up our hard earned pensions single handedly.  Trust is most definitely gone and there is no longer a reason to stay. Vision off kilter at times
Rested on laurels and now clawing back
Upper Management more profit than people focused. Frustration due to mixed messages from management. Lack of flexibility. Technologically behind. No work life balance. Long, inflexible work hours. Lack of communication from head office to management to team leads then to staff. 30 minute lunch hours and no flexibility with that. Taking breaks is frowned upon. Working overtime is expected without overtime pay.. Red Tape. Old, overly traditional organisation. Progression through the company can be slow and  external recruitment is sometimes preferred to promoting from within.. No opportunities for progression! Someone who has been there 5 minutes with no knowledge or experience get more poppy than someone who's been there 5 years with good knowledge and experience. The image projected throughout the recruitment process was very positive, focusing on employee benefits, career progression opportunities.  The reality is quite the opposite with outdated and inefficient working practices and systems; lack of engagement to define job role and expectations.  Culture of flexible working sounds great but in reality the feeling is that leaving 'early' should be an exception.. long hours and less flexibility than when I started. The leaders are absolutely awful. They do not care about their employees. Act like children.. leaders dont care, Company too big. Have witnessed (but thankfully not experienced directly) workplace bullying in the past which was never dealt with as far as I'm aware. The constant structure changes give the impression that the senior management don't really know what they're doing and it creates a lot of uncertainty. They enjoy moving people around, which isn't necessarily a good thing if you enjoy your role and working with your team and then you're moved into another team doing a different role, which you have no choice about if you want to keep your job! 
Very antiquated clunky systems, stuck in the dark ages.. Trying to evolve into a better more secure company so lots of changes and restructures going on. Could affect job security.. There is very little integrity left at this company especially in the top tier of leadership. The best senior leaders left in 2014/15. It is a culture of political back stabbing. The UK HR function improved with recent departures but is still full of people who just dont add value.. A lot of slow days and light workloads. I joined RSA because i believed what they told me at the interview, but it was all lies. There is no real direction, the so called Leaders are just back stabbing blame mongers. Worse still all the good ones have left, they all went during Q4 of last year, the dross that is still here are awful, the place has no spirit or soul - people I talk to just want to leave. But all is not lost - I bumped into one of the leaders who left whilst coming out of our London office and he has offered me a job starting in September, cannot wait to get out of this place.. - no room for progression
- no stability in company
- job security feels dodgy
- always restructuring
- not much communication about the future of the company from the upper echelons
- seems to be getting smaller and smaller. Archaic structure, poor management. RSA cannot find the right people so they take what they can find as managers. Promotion not due to merit or competences but due to factors that should not be taken into account (e.g. not making waves, not making decisions. It seems that the closer the office is to the head office, the less decisions are made. It is diffcicult for RSA to attract talents as talented people know where this company is heading.
Old systems that require patches every week due to instability. Teams do not speak to each other and there are quite a few teams in the building (there are around 500-600 people where I work). Impersonal environment and people do not make waves as they are scared to be replaced or fired, which means that people who may have great and creative ideas keep them for themselves. A lot of the senior staff is gone (including some good people).
Too many consultants. No bonus any more. RSA focuses on shareholders, not on its employees. RSA used to be good for training but it is not the case any more.
Very poor underwriting decisions all over the world. Canada is maybe the next part of the company to be sold after South America as RSA has been downsizing for nearly 3 years now.. - slow-pace
- technology is old, but getting better slowly. There has been a lot of turmoil lately, but RSA is on the right path. Include more sales people on the incentive trips.. antiquated IT and no hub head office. Muddled direction from the top. Talk a good story but no decision makers. Do ask the right questions at interview stage.  Recruitment process is also very long (was 3 months for my role).  Company had a lot of change so possibly not a stable place to join (redundancy payment/policy statutory).. Two very separate companies. Commercial and Personal Lines. They take it in turns to prop each other up and general employees just get to watch two older siblings fight. That's the perspective from an IT person's point of view.. none really apart from cut out the red tape. Outdated systems. Slow to progress.
Lack of communication between departments.. Beauracracy causes inefficiency and unstable outlook. Company underwent massive changes over the last few years. Does not look well on the future of the company. Going through hard times right now. There aren't any. I love my job. A bit political at times.. Latin America division was sold. Lots of worry and uneasiness. Laying off long-term, good, full time staff and replacing with contractors and consultants at much higher expense. lots of uncertainties lately. was in multiple acquisition talk and was almost bought out last year(2015). even though that's the nature of the competitive P&C market, it's a bit uneasy to go through the current period of time.. Having to account for every minute of the day while working from home wasn't good. There was very little trust and way too much micro managing.. - Salaries below industry standards 
- P&C Insurance Industry is unstable due to climate change, which means that company performance is completely unpredictable. Therefore, salaries and bonuses are negatively affected despite employees' hard work.. lack of touch with reality, with recent M&A's RSA have lost focus. Big Corporations slow to change. Some lack of clear vision at the time. Upper management, salary levels, career progression, development.
Any of the above are appalling. Whether it be no budget to train you for changing aspects of your role, dangling carrots of promotion only to never follow through with them, or even reviewing salaries to bring them in line with market value. RSA have slipped drastically over the last 5-7 years.. Red Tape
Decision making takes too long
Nearly everything is outsourced. The culture was toxic and blame orientated.  There were several attempts to roll out positive tools and programmes while I was there, but there was never any follow through.  There was very poor training, with the attitude that new comers would be put in the deep end for sink or swim. Due to the management of the last few years, there was a huge lack of trust in the management.. It is all Cons now. Management are clueless, all the Leaders are leaving and the company has no identity. - the main issue with the job is the tasks are repetitive 
- the many repetitive tasks at times can get overwhelming. The uncertain environment is causing people to leave the company. Senior management must look into it.. Decision making a long over-drawn process. Slow pace of change.. The removal of employee engagement in the home claims department impacted badly on staff morale. Annualised hours aren't for everyone.. Test process need improvement and lot of attention should be given to Testing team. No Head of Testing hence lacks discipline with test team. Still waterfall and Agile methods are not practised.. Biasness should be taken care of. Bumpy road with a crash every ten years. Still too many below average passengers on board. It is a new company in Spain and in some situations it appeared a not not well organized company.. none that I can think off. staff are treat like they know nothing by everyone above them. No commission, lack of support and base pay may be low depending on which department. - Very bad management, no decision making whatsoever
- No encouragement to employees, no recognition of work
- No effort to ease tensions in the teams
- Useless meetings that bring nothing new
- Very bad and old system leading to loss of data
- Inefficient filing system 
- Disrespectful management
- Cheap company with its employees
- Use of Lotus Notes, limited storage for emails and attachment
- Lack of reaction of management and zero thinking outside the box even for the simplest things
- Low salaries
- Very bad perspectives for the future, RSA is going downhill all over the world and they sold many operations
- Forget about advancement based on competence. It is more about submissive attitude and saying yes to every decision (even completely not appropriate) management does
- Management is scared of smart people and they do not encourage them at all as they see them as a danger for their manager position
- No values any longer, management (and colleagues) not to be trusted. - politics within management seemed to increase the more mired a task got in supplier incompetence and costs, which was not helpful
- limited opportunity to change suppliers due to many senior managers being past employees of said suppliers. Annual 'cullings' in staff members, causing programmes to be left in limbo. Upper echelons of Management bit out of touch. No real levels of progression especially between departments.. Limited teleworking opportunities, in case people are interested in them. 
Career development opportunities may require relocation, sometimes abroad, which may not be suitable for everybody.. can be hard to take vacation if you quality of sales has not been the best. risk of losing sales bonus. Well I was lucky to work with great people but once in a while someone had a negative approach which would bring down a lot of people.. - The exec team have totally lost focus on the people and as a result the once brilliant culture has rapidly deteriorated which seems to be being ignored
- Complete lack of support and focus from senior management
- Everyone focused on trying to save money but business strategies are working in silo and often conflict.
- Totally different company than 12-18 months ago. RSA no longer treats its employees as well as it used to poorer pension and redundancy packages, its bonus system is not fare and is asked in favour of senior management. too much work for too little staff. No investment in the staff. Simply not enough staff to deliver a good service. The management do not appreciate the complexity of the work and that it is the experience in the decision making that makes an underwriting profit. Team leaders with absolutely  no insurance knowledge whatsoever making impossible demands. Computer systems not fit for purpose. No time to develop yourself. Distinct lack of experienced staff due to them being made redundant and replaced by brand new starters on poor salaries.. Not the caring company it used to be.  Cutting everything back.  Expecting employees to take more and more work on without the extra support/training.. Constant redundancy programmes left the company in chaos. long hours, lots of travelling. Non-Management are Unionized, difficult to reward/promote individual achievements who have less seniority.. Bad software right across the board. Quoting/servicing a policy would be like swimming through treacle. Poor upskilling and training for a FTSE 100 company. Poor lines of communications.. - Still not sure that all of the structural changes have happened, some uncertainty
- Marketing is not highly valued. worked here for 21 years and now given ultimatum to force me to change contract, even though i have young children, they dont care anymore, what a joke getting a silver award for family friendly working from mumsnet, i will be putting my case to them too.... Severe management issues - going through a restructure. No big complaints, some mundane tasks.. Poor management some from pressure some not
Unable to do job without support and resource
Lower pay than market average
Poor morale and culture across the business from these strains. In Sweden: complex "political" organisation (currently changing) with slow decision making and unnecessary long time to market.. Change can be slow to implement. Understandable for a 300 yrs old company.. it's a bit going downhill last year after the downgrade. Recently restructured and lots of unsettled staff however does appear to be settling down. Change 
Large Company
Burochracy
Decision process 
IT gets priority. Not sure where to start.... avoid like the plague.. Disagree with other reviewer about HR, 1 or 2 weak people in the function, but rest are great. Like rest of us, too much work with too few people. Management and new CEO needs to do something about that. They just did a re-structure. Short term management changes, Never thought about the customer always the cost base, every year was a threat of redundancy or changes to working location. Very unsettling. Middle Management always looking to promote themselves at the detriment to the people they had responsibility for. Don't turn your back on someone unless you want a knife in it. Prior to Andy Haste CEO it was a great place to work. How a place can turn so quickly with all the wrong people climbing the ladders of promotion.. It's a big organisation so you really have to fight to be recognised, but when you do it pays off. compensation 
lack of movement 
health benefits lacking. Lack of decision power and regid reporting culture. Recently appointed CEO making job cuts in all the wrong places, poor loss making books of business being held onto, reserving policies!. very long pay freeze, ambition rather than aptitude mistaken for lot's of senior roles, so lot's of monkey's doing the wrong roles.. The problems of the last year with Ireland and UK make the company a bit unstable specially for those working in emerging markets. It is a shame all Central and Eastern Europe had to disappear. It seems the new management have it all under control now. Low pay, promised the world nothing forthcoming.. The pay is poor for what we have to deal with
Team leaders are largely incompetent
Few chances for progression
No coaching since I've been here
Good work is not recognized
They're not afraid to fire people who have been here for 10+ years
The few positions that open up are given to external candidates. They do not pay attention to problems that arise between employees and management at times and sometimes management involves itself in the problem and makes  it worst.  They are not big on seniority as the company has fired people that have worked here for more then 8 years.  And it's a very repetitive job with little to no chance of moving up in the company. Leaders are largely incompetent, not helpful
No chances to further yourself
Pay is bad for the amount of work you do
They fire employees who have been here 10+ years due to "restructuring"
Feedback we give leads to nothing
Everybody is looking for jobs elsewhere, understandably 
Good work goes unrecognized
Very "cliquey"
The few and far between higher positions are given to external candidates. A challenging environment for Insurance companies meant that they could not continue with the same level of high staff numbers. Easier to keep the cheap ones rather than those with the knowledge and experience.. Constant risk of redundancy. No ways to progress unless you know the right people. Overworked and underpaid in relation to the rest of the market, generally going down hill. They have no loyalty to staff unless you are in the 'in crowd'. IT is shockingly poor, from over reliance on expensive contractor organisations, to a lack of strategic direction, to overly complicated and costly governance processes, to using outdated productivity software (lotus notes? ie6? Windows 2007?) the list goes on.  Procurement processes are overly complicated and hamstring innovation.  Difficult to reward staff other than through year HR governed pay rises (if they come), difficult to scale teams with extra staff due to recruitment processes.  I've been here a year and a half and change has been slow.  We seem to be good at reorgs and downsizing, but not deep, lasting and effective change.. Not efficient process and tools, ad version to risk, burocracy. Old departments annualized hours sucked. Sometimes hard to know who's in charge, not the best pay. Also quite stringent targets if your telephony based.. Terrible systems and to much change ie, shifts, management etc. Front line staff are under appreciated. Budgets are embarrassing for the contact centre front line in comparison to all other areas of RSA. 
Systems unbelievable - they could be the nail in the coffin.. High turn over of staff due to wages being low within the market at level 5/6. No challenges other than churn, no thinking just get those quotes out. No wonder they are pulling out of classes so readily.. The building is a bit past it's use by date! There's quite a bit of office politics but where isn't there? Strategically things seem quite unclear and it feels like they're making it up as they go along!. Complicated, matrix management structure, means too many layers, and too much process.. Constant threat of redundancy and not enough staff to do the job we have to do in many departments. Lots of red tape but with the new strategies coming in this is starting to change for the better and and new process updated everyday. Annualised hours contract
Weekend working 
Slow progress in the market. You want to work!! 
Weekends :(!. There has been a tendency to focus on 'change programme' to make the business more up to date which either investing millions in computers or focussing on small things to reduce costs. Neither work. Needs a shake up to focus only on the customer to deliver value for the share holders.. A lot of change going on at the moment. The structure changed too frequently, it was hard to maintain standards when they changed so regularly. Also a lot of favouritism amongst staff who had been there longer.. I have to travel quite far. -managers more focused on your tasks than your career
-very cliquey environment(this includes managers) , you're either liked or your not! 
- poor salary
- poor progression 
- lack of manager support. For a 300 year old company there is too much "Short-term ism" and very tactical. They think about the problem now and run around like headless chickens solving the immediate issue and the the year after have the goldfish moment and re start again with the same issues. Systems can be be quite bad at the best of times.. they prefer profits instead of the employees,,,,
change is slow. There are no cons, but the salary could be better. The usual office politics.
The structure needs sorting out - as in team structure - some areas have vast amounts of contractors, when there are internally great staff that can do the work . I think they sometimes struggle to realise this.  This could be true of any large employer though.. business in challenging times - full focus on numbers. conservative style
Inefficient operation system
Slow growth. - Lots of reshuffles across the business with a complicated management structure
- Lack of willing to really innovate
- Unsuitable people being promoted who aren't up to the job but just left to carry on
- Some poor computer systems
- Senior management plough ahead with ideas despite being given evidence that they aren't good ideas
- Some VERY bitter people 
- Direction and priorities seem to change too much and incoherently leaving a lot of people bewildered
- No idea what the company's direction and strategy actually is, beyond the usual "Be the Best General Insurer" buzzphrase that all GIs use
- Lots of consultants coming in to do jobs that internal people could and would like to do. RSA does not value its employees.  Recently laid off lots of people and many forced to retire early.. The comfortable environment has led to a great deal of complacency.  A comfy pair of slippers with a stifling risk averse attitude.  Highly beauracratic and top down hierachal structure.  Recent news worthy events have meant the best thing about RSA (satability) is no more.. Over analysis and takes too long to implement anything, the organisation structure is too beaurocratic. A lot of the staff are hanging on for their pension so its heavily biased to over 50 s compared to the competition. limited future prospects outside of head office. Strict risk control and conservative risk appetite forms tough internal communication.. Projects were initiated with no end goal leading to dissatisfaction with the outcomes.
Tardiness and lack of professionalism. It has good and bad things like all of the companies, but I can't think the only downside is that it is very centralised.. Senior management doesn't care, or even bother to make themselves visible. There's a lot of talk about "doing the right thing", but if you're 50 or over, or a long term employee, prepare to have your salary red-lined or be demoted. I found out too late that loyalty means nothing.... The pay was subpar.  The work can get repetitive if they don't move you around.. IT systems leave a lot to be desired
Lots of red tape to try and cut through. No career growth opportunities for brightest. Don't work here if you are over 49 and still have career ambitions.. I think no downsides for this company. Too much  red tape in decision making. Not as supportive as I would've hoped during an illness.. I can't think of any.. Lots of cooks in the kitchen at times so decision making process is generally dragged out for no reason. Royal insurance of England decided to dump its American exposure. Team Leaders are poorly trained in people skills and confidentiality - the pay structure needs a good overhaul so that people are paid more fairly - pay structure needs more transparency.. UK Centric
'Sturdy' glass ceiling for non-english 
No consistency in leadership. Culture and working environment needs to be little more open. not much opportunity for growth. Too much work. JDs very broad. Work is sometimes not enjoyable.. Too much stakeholder management
People afraid to take decisions
Employees could be sacrificed for meeting bottomline results. Lack of upward progression, perceived favouritism when promoting within. Poor systems and processes. Lack of communication within and between teams. Relatively low salaries.. - Micro managed, lower end on the pay scale. pace of change is slow, sometimes too many rounds of stakeholder consultations results to inaction or lack of decisive action, doesn't seem to be very time-scale driven, more importance placed on getting it right the first time than getting it done at all.. Outdated computer equipment. Often ended up working past 6 pm. The town though nice offers little in terms of entertainment. I have noticed that once you reach a certain of management you hit a glass ceiling. One is forced to move out of the company to seek advancement.. the pay is extremely low! a 1% raise!? i know the economy is bad, but that is absurd! people who have less education make more $ than those who do.. More work required in acceptance of EA Practices in the business architecture area.. Fund Accounting - a very toxic environment, where racism/privilege/favouritism can thrive without being held accountable. 

Lack of diversity is visible from the way you’re spoken to all the way to the ethnic makeup of teams. Diversity is essential for different points of views to provide new and fantastic solutions to many problems. If all thought processes are derived from similar backgrounds, then no new ideas will prevail. 

Culture of presenteeism meaning certain individuals log on at ridiculous hours just to prove they are working hard. When in fact they are simply logging on to show their manager they logged on late (i.e they will log on at night knowing their manager is online. They will then send their manager a message saying “Hi” just to prove they are online). 

White privilege - many individuals have so called “white privilege” and take advantage of this by playing at new white managers who easily take to their whiteness. This continues the perpetual cycle of white people continually benefiting one another and putting down the non white persons in that very team. This means certain jobs are posted internally only to benefit the “privileged” who always seem to get breaks ahead of their non white peers, instead of all jobs being posted internally and externally to widen the talent pool.

Unconscious bias training feels like a tick box training exercise. 

Complaints of racism need to be dealt with more effectively and brutally by management, with individuals accused of such behaviour to be suspended from work, regardless of any fears of repercussions management may have of taking such action (i.e. the accused is known to scream and shout to the unions at the slightest hint of management aggression). 

It’s the workplace, management should be allowed to do what is needed to combat discriminatory behaviour without being impeded by HR/union politics.. Not enough development opportunities for young people
Diversity is still at early stages
The company run off too many FTCs, not enough perm. Just get the job done and leave atmosphere, not much internal opportunities. There was no con in my experience. Very process and lean driven.. Opportunities to progress can be limited. There was no con in my experience. Working relationships with senior leads are challenging. Management styles from the 1950s, lots of presenteeism, dull work and a very slow, but admittedly comfortable, life.. Rating system is very poor. It judges people on extra things they do. If your job is to take calls ypu should be judged on how many you take and how good the service is for example uou can take the the most call in the department all being correct and get good customer satisfaction surveys and end up with a satisfactory rating where your colleague might type up a daily newsletter and send it to the department and take half as many calls and get a good. Its a pretty flawed model. Also they are being TUPED to Diligenta. Be careful with that one for any new joiners. I'm just getting out now. I've only heard horror stories about working for them though.. No development, salary could be better and they don’t care about your mental health. none, none, none, none, none. Managing Partner, diva-like. Needs to realize people are human. No downsides spring to mind. Highly political. Multiple acquisitions in short succession has left some business areas with a lack of structure and identity. Ongoing restructures and changes in leadership along with a multitude of IT systems that are not integrated creates confusion and onerous, outdated processes. Unrealistic expectations on deliverables with little or no consideration given to these points.. Nothing I can say bad. Some of the New senior management are incompetent. Very low wages and long hours. Staff in England get free lunch and a gym on site, staff in Edinburgh have to pay for this. The company is too big now, they are slowly taking away jobs from Scotland and getting rid of all of the good Standard Life staff. The well developed systems that enable the excellent Standard Life reputation for customer service are all being removed and replaced with one system from an Indian company. All IT staff are being made redundant but have to stay and share knowledge with the people taking their jobs if they want to get the redundancy payment. Customer service is also being outsourced to the same company so either jobs will be lost or staff will be sold off to this company. There are no career opportunities and they keep trying to get you to record your religious beliefs and sexual preferences which I assume is so they can make sure only people in minority groups get promotion. If you are one of the few that manage to get a job that’s a promotion you have to agree to reduced terms and conditions to get the job.. It has been expanding through M&As and the integration creates certain uncertainty on job security.. very first moving environment with workloads. People politics contractors, people in management who don’t know anything. Salary and lack of opportunities. No long term development unless your face fits. Huge organisation so you can feel like you are a small cog in a big wheel. Reward structure could do more to differentiate high and poor performance. Often no real consequences for poor performance.. Unfriendly/corporate work environment, no progression opportunities, lack of training. High workload, lots of change. Low job security in IT. There are some spiteful people that work here.   Bullying is rife.  It made me ill and my mental health suffered as a result for the first time in my life.   Be Kind - they wouldn’t know what the meaning is.. It is a little process driven and focused on being lean. Location, location, location. Too far out of the city. No challenges just listen. They really should give you a month to get used to the hours and just starting back to work. Neither was an issue for me but being pulled over was.. Risk of redundancy 
Long hours - no recognition. Slow to get things done, too many people involved.. Some processes were quite slow and frustrating. Building location is in a rural location. Not many opportunities for promotion. Flat structure and senior management can be quite exclusive.. No cons to reports on this page. Company culture is old school so things take ages to get processed. A lot of overlap in the investment management space with multiple teams competing against each other
Divisions of responsibilities not always clear with lots of empire building allowed to flourish
A lot of focus on operational activities with the tail often wagging the dog. Flexible working is hit and miss and only realistically available if you happen to work in the right team. Some teams still have very inflexible attitudes and old fashioned traditional views of being at your desk between 9am and 5pm.
Company talks a lot about diversity, but apart from one female at executive level, the vast majority of the senior management team are white men and most senior promotions continue to go to men. Some fairly poor diversity and gender pay gap statistics were published in 2017 and then never really mentioned again. Recent merger with Standard Life has made these statistics even worse. To be fair though, this remains an issue across the whole finance sector and not just at Phoenix.
Some questionable appointments of people to more senior roles, who are good at convincing others of their technical ability but have limited people skills and do not display a good set of behaviours. Random people are sent on leadership and development courses which don't always seem to have much benefit.
Complex mergers and acquisitions bring lots of uncertainty and are not always dealt with very well, particularly from a people point of view. Company pushes a message of 'one big family' but different parts of the company with different cultures, and in different locations, don't always seem to integrate well.. Nearly impossible to be promoted within the team unless someone else leaves.. Tough industry for med comm. Financial strategy and focus can ironically cause inefficiencies.  Need to develop culture of transparency and trust. Limited development opportunities in some departments. Not many other junior analysts or graduates in the company so limited social interaction compared to what you may get elsewhere at a company with a well-defined graduate scheme.. Difficult to think of any.... A very complex organisation that needs to work on its USP. Could offer more study support roles within actuarial sector.. Long hours required for some - lots of work in each team carried out by a few key indivuals.
Better technical development and learning opportunities on joining would make a huge difference given the specialist nature of the work.
Management and staff communication at times of change could be improved.
Flexible working options are still limited despite improvements in technology.
Still a significant gender imbalance at more senior levels.. We work hard! This is reflected in the generous pay and the great facilities we have here so I see it as a trade but if you're looking to clock your 35 hour week to the minute it might not be right for you. Also Phoenix starts most of it's staff on Fixed Term Contracts and converts to perm from there so you might have to take a gamble on a temporary contract and prove yourself.  If you work hard this is likely to be converted so it really is a case that your destiny is in your hands.. Same as most large organisations operating in a regulated environment  - faces a challenge to ensure we are agile. Not enough training provided to understand the concepts of the financial world.. There are too many instances of people visibly not pulling their weight at Phoenix and that management, whilst they are aware of it, generally choose to do nothing about it. Sadly, those hard workers around are rewarded with extra workload and told to get on with it. In that regard, Phoenix is very much an organisation where if you want something done, you ask a busy person. 

For those outside of the accountancy and actuarial functions, career development and recognition for greater responsibility can take a back seat. This has been explained to me as being as a result of strict HR quotas (rather than HR recognition of changing business needs). This has resulted in some being encouraged/required to take on extra responsibility or a even take a new managerial role, but months later find that the grade and pay actually does not come with it as the managerial quota for the department has already been met. Instead the employee has to at best settle for a job title change only as the means of "recognition".

In a similar feeling to earlier reviewers, Phoenix is the most 'political' of organisations I have ever worked for - the working atmosphere at times has been toxic; with a constant stream of bad will from others, generally in the form of aggressive emails and complaints made by one department head to another (It was a joke within my family to guess how many nasty emails I would get each day.)  Most surprising of all is the culture of staff and cross-department refusal to work or co-operate with each other - at times it would be difficult to get something done, even though you may be trying to help others to meet their needs or achieve their objectives.

Requests to your managers for their help, especially in matters of excessive workload, gets little response (or even an adverse reaction), with suggestions to complete the work in a shorter timescale being the most helpful that they can come up with. I suggested to my manager that the department head needed to be involved in solving the problems of workload and deteriorating working conditions. I found that I was "forbidden" from approaching the department head, leaving me with not many places left to turn. Talking to HR on 2 separate occasions got me no further than "speak to your manager", so after 2 years of repeated asking for help in my 1:1 sessions, my manager advised that there is "nothing I can do for you" as the response, leaving the remaining options to either move department or leave. My work/life balance was shot and well-being was suffering too, so the time comes when enough is enough. On the surface, HR tell us that work/life balance and well-being are important to Phoenix and have launched token gesture events and initiatives to demonstrate this, but there is little evidence of real deep diving to tackle the problems at Phoenix head on. 

My experience was certainly not unique, with others having similar problems too. After trying to follow in the footsteps of those others by trying to change department in an attempt to get away from some of these problems, I found that my skills were not easily transferable, so left Phoenix to work in a similar role elsewhere. All the issues I saw and also experienced myself at Phoenix do not appear to exist where I am now, so although there is a bit less pay, less benefits and not such a good location, I am more than satisfied that the right decision had been made to move on. I now work in a supportive, positive environment and my work/life balance and well-being are both restored, very much to the satisfaction and relief to myself and my family.. Contract says 35hr per wk, I do 38-40 hrs most weeks. When I have less work and only do my contractual hrs, I was told by my manager it was noted I had been leaving "early"?! Although I think this is only happening in my business area. Very heavy "review" culture. Even one simple piece of work has to be signed off by my manager and his/her manager. In order to show they have "reviewed" it, they tend to make unnecessary wording changes. Cause unnecessary work.. Traditional environment, can sometimes be too focused on being at your desk working long hours.. Outside of city centre.. Projects can get quite complex and can create priority conflicts. Resources are often tight - working hours can get a bit long sometimes.. None - so like I said please stay away. Free lunch and infrastructure may sound amazing but trust
me its not worth it.. Uk only business which can have glass ceilings. when you need a manager for real queries, it sucks or need something actioned with their authority, it sucks because you don't have have very little access to them and when you do have access, the amount of your help you get is minimal-- Managers come across as a bit and only like dealing with their own team members. Bearing in mind, that there may be time when staff from other teams do not have a manager because they're off, so we have no choice but to speak to other managers but somehow, most managers are unwilling to help as much as your own manager would.

Because i work in operations and my role is customer facing, that means sales agent are not able to get any offline time to attend important workshops that the company runs such as health and well being, financial wellness, and or even attend learning and development workshops hosted to explore other opportunities within the business. It's almost like an insult to then keep receiving emails inviting us to join and attend these meetings but in reality, we can't get offline time to do so (why bother sending us these things then?). Very horrible shift pattern 
No parking
No opportunity to progress
Bar bonus scheme. Still call centre.
Bad company management. Terms and conditions ripped up and new terms worse on a take it or leave it basis.. Everything... strict and too controlled. The place makes you feel like a number, not a human.. Has been absorbed into a larger parent company, so experiences from locations can vary.. *Got bought by a corporation, it's all about making more money and squeezing as much as possible from employees
*Impossible to book holidays
*People get different pay for the same job
*Job gets repetitive very quickly. Pays everyone different for the same job. Very unfair. The Atlanta takeover has been bad for all are current employees.all employees are not treated equally, both by pay and over all.. Pace of change can be tough at times but you will learn lots along the way.. The work is quite difficult and varied. had to work sometimes and the computers were electric. Prices way above Market when selling from office and not able to compete with own online prices. Did not have any cons. Only want staff to line pockets of higher management. Management was awful and treated you like crap. Could be better staff benefit. Alot of time. very had on targets. Some late night working expected to meet targets.. Since Atlanta have taken over, become very cliquey. Lots of directors and not enough resource into the rest of the business.. Fines for miss selling and then the miss sellers are sent abroad on the back of miss selling , anybody that reads this , never use this broker , a broker like Swinton are useless , stay clear , use your own judgement the staff are on minimum wage with no experience, not there fault , just badly trained , by useless individuals who were put there from all the branches that closed down 
any 5 star review is false , lies by Kennedy and his crew , anyway the ones that have left , unfortunately they can sleep at night , knowing they got away with murder ,. None At All No Cons. Far too many scripts to follow. Colleagues in other departments not doing their job.. Upper management didn't have any direction and the company in general didn't have set processes. This meant training could be difficult. Also I was promised my DLP as part of completing a year in the job but this didn't happen and I was with them for 4 years.. Everything. Management are absolutely appalling and offer you no support. They change the goalposts of what they want on a daily basis so you can never win. They will never take calls from customers even if they are demanding to speak to a manager, so you get to deal with the brunt of it and are then told off for how you deal with it!!!! The “flex” hours are a scam. The whole place is just a complete travesty, avoid like the plague.. bad no progression for a company. After a change in ownership the changes implemented were done so without recognising you were placing a high level of stress on your CSAs. I'd like to say I was good at my job. Quick, smart, friendly. And the changes actually crippled my ability to do my job. No longer was helping the customer the priority it was how quickly you got them off the phone. If I spent more than 2 minutes off the phone after a call, actually doing my job, leaving clear notes, tieing up lose ends, navigating the numerous systems, with a million different log ins, I would have a CSM approach me, ask what I was doing, I then had to explain, wasting more time. I was once marked late because I logged into the phone 30 seconds past 9.00am, not 9.01am but 9.00am. All the CSMs are stressed and then take it out on their team. Information changes constantly. Every CSM will give you a different answer to the same quesion. This place is perfect if you dont care about doing a good job, you just have to be average enough to fly under the radar. Zero job satisfaction, constantly fixing mistakes of other CSA's who obviously make mistakes because they are being rushed to finish calls, not leave notes. I used to like going to work and then I started to dread it, actually panic about it, that was when I knew I needed to leave. Swinton taught me what kind of company I didn't want to work with.. Extra hours to hit bonus. Pretty much anything that has the description of management attached to it..... Bureaucratic, Difficult to get new tools approved. Small mistakes can have them remove your bonus.. I had no issues while there. Move target goal posts very often. Process changes every week. Work life balance isn't good at all. No progression, Boring, Bonus removed. Went from being a ‘Sales Machine’ to a ‘customer service machine’ now back to being a ‘sales machine’ - currently no care for employees, no training, no observations just focused on sales. The new company and it’s very commercially driven CEO the King of Stoke.....the call centre / head office in Manchester will be gone within 2 years when it starts functioning out of King Stoke! No way will he pay Manchester City rates.. No one knows the correct answer to anything. Lots of people are leaving. Lack of sales culture
Changes to bonus structure really impacted staffs overall pay throughout the branch closures
Closed many departments and now utilise lots of cost saving initiatives which sometimes impact upon staff. Serious issue with staff competence in the contact centre. Senior management know there are issues with the finance providers but there is no appetite to amend this due to cost to the business.. Cowboys who hire inexperienced friends and family for senior roles
Being constantly lied to and messed around
Zero communication and no visibility of senior leaders. Rotating shifts
Contact centre so tends to get boring and repetitive. Hard work for little reward.. No progression, no more branches.. Process changes too often for anything to embed. The management team are awful. Bullies only interested in upselling products. And not at all interested in the customer. Scripted answers to questions make it ludicrous. Like you are a robot. Poor pay. Long hours. Hardly any bonus' when you do have a good month. Oh and they have no values. Salary, No support to progress. There's too much of a divide between senior management and other colleagues. Lack of cohesion at the top, regular fire fighting, changing priorities to deal with the latest crisis.. Rapidly diminishing company when I started we had 5000staff when I left less than a thousand. I had 5 managers in 5 years. I was frequently working in a team of 1 person. Salary
Progression
Legacy Staff
Outdated business model. If you want to develop or better yourself avoid. If you are a yes person you will do well but don't dare come up with new ideas! I will be shocked if this office is still operating in two years!. Limitaion on to what we can do. Redundancy, no high street branches left, call centre only. Need to review the benefits package to remain competitive. Closing branches, becoming less customer focussed and more cost focussed, service is not as good as it was.. Unrealistic expectations
Long hours if working late although think this was removed. Lack of communication from senior management across the company.. Weekend work and 8.30pm finishes on lates. None at the moment. The new leadership structure are working hard to ensure job satisfaction.. No concerns happy <U+0001F60A>. Inexperienced management, everyone in a "senior position"seems to be on a power trip. One manager will tell you something and another something completely  different. Training provided but told totally different information on the floors this also reflects badly on you as an individual. Alot of fake smiles. 

Very pushy sales/targeted  environment  and no rewards. Bonus is awful and for selling breakdown/home emergency and  a  car/home lead, your name is put into a draw for a 10 pound cinema ticket, despite making the business alot more. Very high staff turnover. Always promised a management position, probably to keep employers there. Given the job of a mentor but never actually the opportunity to use it. Was also given a job on a complaints triage team but never ever did it, main priority for them as a company was me being on the phones, rather than my progression.. limited opportunities to develop to the next level. applied for the role as it was Sold as a customer advisor job ended up doing quoting new business sales job  with little customer service and with the new ownership the high sales made me leave.    

Quality Assurance is there to catch you out rather than to help you nit picking on calls if you dont explain things like a robot. 

Management was stuck up and doesn't help staff and was disrespected me in a staff meeting after having time off work with depression.

Unrealistic KPIs said that a home quote should be less than 15 mins when realistically it needs to be 25 mins

Sales targets not paid monthly so no matter how many sales you make you wont make any thing for at least a year.

Shifts all over the place was told 1 in  two weekends and one week of lates and ended up at least working at least 3 weekends a month plus 2 weeks of lates on average.. Management are dreadful,  extremely stuck up  you're called into the office every other day,  makes you feel like you're about to be sacked every time you get to work.. As we are now part of the Atlanta Group there is a concern that this is all a softly softly approach before they make sweeping changes! And to be honest what your workforce needs now is a bit of security. Upper management are really rude and all changes feel really rushed. Slimmed down due to market demands so jobs are limited.. Everything was wrong.
The call monitoring made you feel scared to pick up the calls. 
They police you during any review.
made you feel shot.. Too much uncertainty of the future.. Call centre  staff being employed with no experience and on the job training.. Too many to mention or try to summarise. No progression opportunities
Poor training opportunities
Reliance on short term contractors/knowledge drain. For all the hard working staff that put their whole lives into their jobs, many working for the company for over 20 years to be given a months notice of a branch closure is not good.. Branches Closing
No Chance of Progression. Poor investment in technology but then this is prevalent throughout the insurance industry at the moment. Head Office staff - Bless them. Attrition over 40%.
Kids being paid 17k - To handle complex queries or awkward questions without the ability or experience  to deal with them. There peers taken on from non-insurance backgrounds, so have not got the knowledge either and don’t understand the journey isn’t just a process or click on a computer.. Where do I start? Misguided management makes it difficult to know what is right or wrong. No sales targets? That’s a load of rubbish, as you are constantly bullied into getting sales (off the record of course).  A lot of favouring certain staff members goes on to the point where people feel uneasy. Unreliable systems which put the customers at risk and the staff get blamed for poor quality scores when scripts don’t come up on the system. A poor HR department which only works for the management and not for what is right (through my experience) I recommend joining a union as you can’t rely on HR. The company have let down their staff on numerous occasions throughout my many years of service, not just closing branches, but through its corporate bullying. Such a shame as was once a great company, yes the climate has changed, but the negligence of staff is appalling. Undertrained callcentre "get them on the phone" culture. 6 months in call centre considered experienced. dont listen to staff. Dont pay enough. Management didn’t care too much. Constantly misled
Constant change
Non existent bonus scheme
Terrible communication
Customers cannot contact local branch
Unorganised
We have been waiting for 18+ months to find out our redundancy date. The last 3 years at Swinton were like watching it die . A transformation programme delivered with the sensitivity of a brick by people who didnt know the business.. Whistleblowing was a joke. I had an issue with a member of staff hanging up on customers, falling asleep at the back of the branch, arguing with members of staff for "fun",  unwanted physical contact on myself (lets say he was very hands on with me) and making the place very uncomfortable to work in.  I blew the whistle (more about not helping customers than anything else) and nothing happened.  He figured out it was me and then made the place incredibly uncomfortable to work in again.  My last day in branch was December 23rd and I worked late to finish up for christmas.  All my private and confidential notes that were taken during my meeting with my cluster manager were left on the table for all to see making my position impossible to carry on with.  Due to the stress of this I was put onto sickness until I had to resign my position.  To this day no one has got in touch with me from Swinton to discuss how I felt despite numerous attempts at contact.. *Systems still not great two years in.
*Moderation is an ever moving target and alters to fit whatever the current narrative is.
*Objectives set but calls forwarded to branches are 75% service calls (ie usually the complex stuff) and only 14% sales calls in which to hit objectives ?
*Not convinced the big change in direction  from branch to digital has worked (and those responsible have since moved on) judging by latest company figures, but it’s too late to go back.
*Lack of general insurance technical knowledge, most of the knowledge is in the branches and lacking in other areas (which I suspect is why branches are still open and getting the  bulk of service calls, rather than straightforward  renewals or quotes).. low pay scale, low growth possibilities. Dire systems not fit for purpose
Told we were all been made redundant months ago and still waiting. No room for development & training. Clicky leadership- If your face fits. It doesnt matter how good a job you do. Long hours , bad pay , no respect for staff The two managers I had were terrible and did nothing , double standards , I complained as did many others but they closed ranks . Basically they just do not care unless you are a manager who they believe every word .My ex colleagues all had bad experiences and were or are never listened too ! .My ex manager spent most of her day on her mobile phone on dating sites barking out instruction to answer the phone if you dared to go to the toilet ! 

Horrendous place to work .

I worked for the company for many years and my last manager was a total Joke , how she got the job I will never know . She had zero people skills and asked the staff to help her with any task her manager gave her and then took the credit .I do actually believe she was the most unintelligent person I’ve ever met .She used her authority to do what she wanted , total unprofessional .She spent most of her day on her mobile on dating sites  and chatting to anyone about everything but work , her friends and other managers , usually total rubbish , which we had to endure ! so humoured her .she was late 3 out of 5 days and NEVER got into trouble but was quick to fudge evidence to stitch up staff when the figures were not going well . She manipulated management which was easy as they rarely visit branches and have know idea what goes on .All the staff disliked her and nothing was ever done , the upper management sweep everything the staff say under the carpet but believe every word the branch manager says .They make people feel  ill and have no respect or care for staff , this is a constant theme from many employees I’ve known over the years .Worst company I’ve ever worked for and treated me and others very badly or should I say the supposed manager who was in charge of us did !. No plan or vision.  Good people being driven out and an HR dept that couldn't care less about it's people.. Communicate was very poor. Seems very clicky.  Other CSA's desperate to leave.  Mentor was rude.. - Not a regular bonus, and may be removed
- Managers can too often be cliquey
- Too many processes to follow to meet compliance
- Progression is very limited. Processes change too often
No commission structure but expected to sell. Cost cutting has gone to the point of negligence. 
Lack of coherent joined up strategy.
Constant tactical fixes.. Excessive targets - £15 income per call and 16% for optional extras (home emergency and car breakdown). The motor insurance product is very uncompetitive so unlikely you will ever achieve their revenue targets.

Everybody is on a different salary package. For example, I was offered £18K and a friend of mine joined 4 weeks later on a salary of £21K. There were people on my team who were on less than £18K.

The pay progression they have in place requires you to achieve at least a strong rating every 6 months - to get a strong rating, you need to hit the excessive sales targets.

Be warned, do not join this company unless you want to be dismissed in a short period of time.. Not the job to do if you have young children who need you and have school holidays, plays etc. Wasn't as flexible as I'd been led to believe.
Favouritism of sorts. I was told off for switching my phone off while leaving the break room (before setting foot near any desk) yet my fellow trainees had their phones in their pockets switched on, sending texts etc and nothing was said.
The system kept crashing and you had to sit there until it was fixed. I'd have happily lent a hand somewhere else until it was resolved.
Stingy breaks. I'd prefer my hour in one go at lunchtime. Not everyone smokes.
Fibs about no target selling. There are targets (and warnings if you don't comply).
If you need help while speaking with a client you are kept waiting for ages sometimes.. Heavy work load, scripts and call monitoring makes you loose your personality. 
Too many systems which don’t work half the time. 
De morilised by management and head office as just waiting to be made redundant.
No progression or job security as the branches are forgotten about as it’s just about the call centres..
 Any excuse not to give bonus and be marked down. Very easy to become blinkered within own department (change was happening so this may not be the case anymore). Commission structure changed less money made me lwave. Temperature regulation of the building, other than that can’t think of any stand out cons.. Very little progression. Even if you’re great at the job, they’ll always promote the face that fits. you are nothing but a number to the company and are expected to go out of your way for them and get nothing in return 
One rule for management one rule for anyone else
Made to feel like your worthless because deep down you are
No clear objective or understanding on how to successfully run a company with structures and ideas changing weekly 
They would find any way possible to remove you from your bonus and you dont get your bonus your entitled to when you leave the company. Terrible management, poor people skills with staff, ridiculous computer systems constantly changing and failing to work, too much workload for one person, overwhelmed with work, the list goes on. Constant branch closures even though promised nothing would change.. Flexi time is more business needs than personal needs. 
Too many middle management 
Unrealistic targets / expectations 
The fear of closure was always there. Management, pay, lack of bonus.. Micro managed by managers who don’t know how to do the job. Would watch every movement on their screen whilst you sit there working like a dog. My problem was the management in the branch. The company was okay. To many changes and rubbish system. Even having to read from sheets of paper sometimes. Salary’s also vary massively between employees for no reason at all.. Pay disparity 
Can’t make real changes 
Board visibility is low, the have a plan (which they won’t share) and if you don’t fit it won’t work.
Whole business disjointed and siloed.
No induction or best practice for new employees, work done on whim of board decisions regardless of other input. 
Poor development opps. 
No learning from mistakes.. Lured in with advertised "Customer Services" job advert, actual job was "Inbound Sales". 

 Insufficient training, i.e. two weeks in a class room being taught to do things one way, then two weeks "mentoring" where they tell you to do a completely different way.  

Class room portion was rushed, and they seemed to be more interested in getting "e-learning" done, even though some of it was either outdated or irrelevant to the job.  And then, getting you on the phones as fast as possible, to cover for "low service levels" due to most of the experienced staff apparently being on holiday all at the same time, then they were in training you to do the job right.

There also seemed to be a heavy focus on "up-selling", they call it "up-serving" to customers despite the fact that they're not supposed to, i.e. pushing brake-down cover and other optional (i.e. the more\most expensive packages with all the "optional, extra's" to people who really don't need them and probably can't really afford them.  For example, a retired person who rarely uses their car asking for just basic fully comp cover so they are legal to drive when they need to, being prodded into the more expensive packages by CSA's.

Also, different departments seem to not know what they are doing, I was a new start, I was only supposed to get new business calls but the IT guys didn’t seem to have set my phone up right, the number of calls I got for Mid Term Adjustments and Cancellations, and other things that I hadn't been trained for yet was ludicrous.. Treated like kids. Treated like cattle. YOU ARE JUST A NUMBER. It doesn't matter how old you are, you will be made to feel like a little child. There is a team of people whose job it is to make sure you go on your breaks on time, get back of your breaks on time, log in on time, log out on time, don't spend too much time off the phone. Now, I understand the need for this but this team of people (Minus two lads who have been promoted from within Swinton) speak to you like rubbish. They are petty towards everyone and do not show any empathy to anyone but themselves... And these are the people that you need to ring if you're sick... they WILL ask you questions that you do NOT want to answer that is very personal. They WILL ask you to come into work anyway and they WILL get you to explain why you are not healthy enough to come into work.

Next subject, changes. Over the time I have worked at swinton, there has been changes on a monthly basis. I have always rolled with it. However, they're now introducing a new 'one method suits all' approach to how we deal with customers. It is cheesey. It doesn't work for evey employee. It doesn't work for every customer. It doesn't work for every situation. BUT that DOESN'T matter. You will have to do it or you will be IP'd out of the business. Truth is, I get fantastic feedback from customers, but that doesn't matter... it is now 'my way or the high way'.

Another subject, HOLIDAYS! We all like to take holidays, don't we? Well, good luck with that. Yes, they do say that there is plenty of availability for EVERYBODY to take their holidays over the year. That may be true, but don't expect to be going on a 2 week holiday... or even a WEEK holiday for that matter. You're looking to get two or three days off in a row, and they will not approve any holidays if they get denied, it DOESN'T MATTER if you've already booked your holiday, you can just disapoint your whole family and unbook it.

Pay. Pay is not great. Pay is not terrible. Expect around a 1% payrise every six years. Also, your 'bonus' is based on 'how well' swinton group does. It is rarely above 60% of what you expect.

ROTA - You are supposed to have your shifts 12 weeks in advance. Good luck with that. Expect to know only 4 weeks in advance and that is subject to change.

Yes I have been here for a while. Yes it hasn't always been THIS bad. Yes I have had to remain very positive to stay in this job. But enough is enough, this is affecting my mental wellbeing.

There are a few opportunities to progress, but you should be prepared to brown nose yourself to further heights.. Wide pay disparity among same team members
Under resourced yet expected to deliver unattainable targets within Marketing
Losing good, knowledgeable team members
Too many layers of Management 
No Wi-Fi available for staff/visitors
Very few career opportunities available for the ambitious. - Occasional lack of communication within the business. So many changes over the last few years. Been obvious to branch staff for a long time that all branches would eventually close. At least now a bit of honesty and transparency having been finally told that all branches will close over the next few years. Hoping it's sooner rather than later, can be paid our redundancy  and we can all move on to better things.. Poor it systems, new management purely money focussed no regard to employees or customers. Used to be a company I was proud to work for and honestly put customers first..  unfortunately not anymore. Management is a joke, as per the title I was just another number and was made redundant and paid a measly 5k and sent on my way. There was no clear direction and the company and culture had become all about reading scripts and a lot of them. Expectation of employees was unbelievable from this firm. Real shame as once upon a time it was a pleasure working for Swinton. Unstable systems, changing work patterns. Never sure what scripts  you should follw, some on the system some on piecies of paper,. Monitors for quality change frequently and with an unstable system how and why  should you be marked down.. The news tells the story of the demise of this company. Taken over by new management structure three years ago with no regard to their employees, far more interested in Manchester pride, diversity and becoming top of  gay community awards.
They have destroyed a wonderful company.. Shifts are terrible, no work life balance, the job could drive you crazy.. Non existent “bonus”, lies from Exco team, promises of clarity and improved engagement then no communications for months especially in times of crisis redundancies/branch closure. They only invest in head office call centre in Manchester all other areas of the business left on its knees with terrible systems, crumbling offices that they can’t wait to close/sell.. Management seem very secretive and quite frankly out of their depth! Hopefully this review will force much needed improvement!!. Branch network dying a long drawn out death. All branch staff offered VR but only some of the team let go. It is blatantly obvious to every one of us that all the branches will close soon enough.  Just put us out of our misery.  We have staff in tears due to being declined redundancy as it is such an awful unsettled place to work.  Over 35 years with the company and now literally just a number keeping a branch open for how long months ? Weeks?. NO progression opportunity, Bonus scheme always subject to company performance (So never get 100% of bonus offered) Very boring day to day tasks, management very clique-y, Higher end of management never clear on the future of the company, nothing more than a basic call center company, branch level is dying fast. The CEO ('RB') of the company seems more interested in getting himself in the limelight. Customer gets constantly passed around because people aren't trained up to the same level. At Branch level you're expected to work every other Saturday and late night. A LOT of favoritism towards who the manager's favorite staff are. 
Constant merging of branches, resulting in staff who have better overall performance than others being made redundant due to petty things such as sickness.. Failed business model - most business comes from price comparison sites that make more than Swinton.  
Snr management and Exco make numbers up to keep French happy but not realistic. The senior management team are not very visable, and are far removed from the realities of daily activities and challenges faced. Whilst there is a huge emphasis on IT development we still cannot seem to get this right. Departments tend to work in silo's rather than a collective unit.. No job security, bonus structure is terrible they might as well just get rid of it, the senior management at the head office seem to have no idea what the customer service job role entails. Some bullying managers allowed to  run riot that would have been removed in most places.. No opportunities
No real bonus structure to reflect the work we do
Hardly any feedback that is given is taken on board and implemented
Senior managers seem to overlook the challenges we face
No honesty and trust is shown. :(  When recuriting you told NO TARGETS. 
This is incorrect alot of targets on new business around 6 different targets,also there is wrap time (you are told during training,interview stage there isnt).. lots of duplication of tasks, restructuring ongoing at the moment so no job security. thought the last wave of redundancy would solve the problem but less than 4 months and here we are again.. too many to mention, but just need to put branch staff out of their misery and stop lying. The heart has been ripped out of the company & take heed with the title that you asked us in a pulse survey and no one really knew what it meant but has now come to fruition, mmh so the meaning is no one in the organisation want to share information or knowledge ha ha.. It's all a con.  They lied about the job - advertised as customer service to lure people in, was actually a dead-end sales job ripping people off mainly old people.  Continually moving goalposts.  Corporate bullies - staff treated like dirt.  Nepotism.  Too much middle management.  Discrimination issues ignored.  Spineless upper management seem to work for another company whilst they empire build and improve their own CVs.  Machiavellian sociopaths, incompetent, divorced from reality..  Quality department seems to be a different company - making the life of the grunts on the phones unbearable as they continuously move their own goalposts.  Horrible shifts.  No work-to-life balance.  Crap wage.  Crap bonus.  Crap strata system.  Little chance of progression as they use any excuse to mark you down.  

Too many empty token gestures.  They do not listen to you.  You are continually under-valued and pressured to meet unrealistic targets for their over-priced policies.  Fake culture.  

AVOID. Relentless change - albeit required to bring the business into the 21st century. It would be nice to see a period of consolidation to embed to changes.

Getting things right the first time - too many changes implemented without the involvement of the people at the coal face.
 
Unfortunately In the past we have had people making decisions for areas of the business in which they had little understanding - I am pleased to say that there have been significant improvements in this area over the last couple of years.. Recently weve had the balance score card review and following our pulse survey results been so low , they apparently now think it's the right  to change nothing on the people section make it only 15% of importance and talk about if we don't hit 31 million we don't get any bonus at all! I mean who writes this. Yep that's defiantly how to motivate and give staff a goal to go for! 

A culture of manage hard , target focused although they talk about behaviours but it isnt. 

Big talk on excellent customer journeys.... I hate to say it but 14 thousand wrong letters going out, recent renewals problems and  not been able to cancel Aviva policys are just of the few examples of excellent customer journeys swinton have recently provided us. This isnthe company that want to stop nagging doubt ... they actually create nagging doubt for customers.. Senior management driving there agendas 
Lack of empathy when those at the bottom saw 3-5k pay drops through the removal of the incentive scheme. Sales process for Swinton insurance is being launched this month after management meeting with interested parties in December. Insurance insider article issued 3rd Jan 2018. Explain that then.. Do not believe what you are told in the interview .  You are sold the dream of working for a high flying progressive insurance company however once you arrive you are nothing more then a call centre employee .

This has gotten to a new low now as staff are pressured to spend their day raking through old client files to cold call them and try to sell them policies despite the fact they have left us for being too expensive or other reasons .

This is bordering on harassment as you are pressured into calling at alternative times in the day to ensure that contact is made and Saturday calls are becoming the norm now as we are pressured to contact ex customers who have the cheek to be at work during the first call .  Over the last week i have tried to contact two deceased customers causing heartache for the family members who have answered the call requesting to speak to the passed family member. Only yesterday i dragged a chap out of bed who had only been out of hospital a week after major cancer surgery this is leaving me and my colleagues feeling empty as we do not want to be causing this pain to people . 

This tactic smacks of desperation of that of a company that is rapidly sinking through a complete lack of business and industry knowledge from director level all the way down to regional manager level .  They think that harassing customers like this is the answer if so why dont other insurance companies do this?  Who has ever been cold called by aviva or hastings? Most of the people we chat to arrange a call back to be polite then immediately activate the block function on their handset or we get the odd pensioner too polite who sits through a call just to be nice . 

Then there is the flip side of the coin , most of our ex customers are elderly  and really worried about rogue callers thus when we call we achieve nothing more then worrying them sick. They have left due to the branch network closing.... our usp ...... 

All this is detrimental to swintons business plan and although we may achieve the odd new business out of this we are fast becoming a business associated with harassing customers who in turn must think im not going to them as i will be bombarded with phone calls trying to flog me stuff !! This is such a short term strategy dreamed up by somebody completely devoid of creative ideas , possibly over promoted to a position with too much responsibility for their abilities, perhaps the same person who wasted 7 million pounds in trying to rip off sofaworks neal and compare the markets meercat and came up with the dreadful fusion of the 2 in  nagging doubt .... the most meaningless advertising campaign ever .. New systems difficult to master at first. Swinton Insurance are a company in serious decline with an even more serious identity crisis. They don’t know who they are or where they are going anymore. The organisation has a culture of internal politics and bureaucracy; too many fingers, too many pies. Projects have far too many egos to stroke and decisions are often made based on points scoring rather than the greater good. Swinton wasted tens of millions on an internally designed retail platform that never got past Car Quote and customer admin stage – because too many people wanted too many things and no-one could agree with what it should do or had the guts to tell these people to sit down and shut up. A whole lot of noise is made about being innovative and modern but quite often the status quo will win because the business processes and systems are so complex that no-one can be bothered to spend the time to unpick them or people will put far too many barriers in place to allow it to happen. Quite often, something new will come out that will be quickly followed by work arounds, quick fixes, pauses or pulled altogether – purely because they just can’t get it right before it goes live. This toxic attitude along with a senior management team’s constant lies will be what drives the company into the abyss.
Rumours of the company’s sale first started to circulate in August 2017 but were denied as having no basis. The company is now listed as being up for auction in 2018 – despite all of the denials from the leadership teams.
Swinton claim to be all about the customer. They aren’t. They claim to be a modern company. Despite a very attractive head office building, they aren’t. They claim to be open and honest. They aren’t. They claim to be innovative. They aren’t. They claim to be a responsive and mobile business. They aren’t. I think you know where this is going…
Swinton also bang a very loud drum about being diverse – but the reality is that it’s all for show. Yes, there is a diverse culture in the organisation but it’s all for show. It’s all a points scoring game for PR that leads to positive discrimination.  But it’s OK,  faces that fit are apparently indispensable, including those at the top. So as long as your face fits, you're fine. You’re not good at your job because you’re good at your job, you’re good at it because they hired a / an [insert minority]. They’ve supported Manchester Pride for a few years running, but don’t directly do any other work for any other community unless it benefits them. In the interests of fairness, the branches are encouraged to help communities and frequently do, but it’s plastered with Swinton rather than because these people are good people. A good company doesn’t need to bang a drum to score PR points, people will do it for you.
The company is in serious decline, customers are turning their backs on the company but no-one at the top has ever really asked why; let alone tried to stop the rot. They focus on “good customer service” being about a customer presenting a box of chocolates and not about what the company offer the customer. This has lead to mass redundancies for 3 years, shrinkage of the support functions and branches, sale of the building they owned, introduction of contractors who could be gone tomorrow all seemingly being manoeuvred into either closure or a merger with a company that already have these assets. No wonder Covea want shot of it. Don’t be fooled by the PR, the bottom line is that the company is in serious decline and Swinton are the epitome of what not to do to save a company from going under. The leadership team at the top have made the most disastrous and stupid decisions but are never being held to account for them; and that will not change while they are in charge.

Give the company a go if there is a new senior management structure in place. It might be better, but if the current team are still around when you read this, then join their customers and avoid like the plague.. Collaboration - people pulling in different directions. Think this was due to change with a new initiative bought in as I left.

Recruitment- not the recruitment team but a recruitment levelling for hiring managers. Branch network is dead and unless someone wants a temporary job in a branch that pays with changing roles every week, as the Board and senior manager can't keep the people busy, avoid joining them in the roles that are advertised as the branch network is on a life support machine ... 
 Never known a company to have so many restructures in such short period and still not got it right , when's the next closures Mr Directors ??????  . The last one was hushed by Senior Managers In November 2017 to avoid negative press coverage ,.... Not a suitable place at this time for software developers.  Attrition was (intentially) high.. We used to get great bonuses but not anymore, systems are very temperamental so can be frustrating do your day to day job.. Pressured by management to miss sell and not tell customers. If your face fit you were ok . Bullying culture.. Managers salary is ridiculous some CSM on over 40k and some under £27k. £40k branch managers must be the highest paid in the world I think?! There is no work as customers don’t come into branches anymore and telephony has slowed dramatically. ADM role is not needed they do not make a difference to the business. Favouritism is rife - some ADM having inappropriate relationships with there managers. Bonus is £0. Systems don’t work, policies don’t help customers, staff morale is a ultimate low as branches continue to close every year.. any promotion is dead man shoes,
managers know of fraud and turn a blind eye for targets
area manager has his favourite branches. Personal crusades at head office level, if your face fits your fine, to many yes men making the wrong decisions. Every single promise made was broken, lied to about the  job and throughout my employment. Everyone should leave en masse. Spineless distribution director. Completely ruined my confidence and has had such a detrimental affect on my mental health that I now need therapy. The old board left and paid themselves off and the new people in are just as inhumane.. Branch closures, another 12 branches closing, senior managers dont care, favouritism, always looking over your shoulder, is your job safe, nagging doubt and sleepless nights for employees let alone customers. Sometimes operating in silos and would benefit from more cross department communication. Certain Managers thinking they are better than everyone. 
Bonus structure.. Very unprofessional branch didn't have a clue about Addoing on policies  that's a loan mis-selling add-on policies. Work for 5 years had three new boards change things at least every 3 weeks and always threatened with redundancy. I would never buy insurance from this company and advise anyone not to work there. Worst company I've ever worked for.. Company is always changing policies, they never listen to the front line staff. Higher management are terrible and should lose their jobs. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Also Swinton are massive liars, they claim there's no targets at all but there is, I can also say they're in breach of FCA guidelines as they have inadequate systems that do not work properly. I can't wait to leave this place. Too much emphasis on Data input and not enough on knowledge...the decision for the changes came from on high and I can understand why...however what they didn’t have in place was a proper continuation plan, which has resulted in a them and us mentality between the contact centre and the network. This needs to end along with the negative attitude to the changes. Yes it has been tough but can any of us say we haven’t seen it coming for years? 

There is a definite lack of basic knowledge but hopefully along with all the other work that has been going on then this will be addressed. Unfortunalty because peoples buying habbits have changed branches are slowly closing down. With more people buying online or over the phone the company was wasting money on the branches where you can walk in. This is why I totally agree with the companies decisions as a business needs to make money to carry on. This is the reason I left because I needed a secure job, gutted it came down to this though. I would recommend to people who can work in Manchester. Roles can be too defined, struggled to progress past a certain point. Treated like robots.  Favouritism, bullying .. the list goes on. Worked at Swinton as a branch manager for 9 years however I was made redundant when my branch was one of 84 closed to make way for the the brand new manchester contact centre and Swintons New advert which cost £3.4m. You were never kept informed on what was going on and the 84 branches were used for the last year to put existing cases onto Swintons new computer system. As soon as Swinton start underwriting their own policies the branches will close as there will be no need to keep the insurers happy. Worked there for 11 years and used to be a great company to work for.  With a change in ownership to Coves a few years ago started a slide down a slippery slope, wages increases were frozen for many years and staff are treated like robots, no one is generally happy, even the manager, who have no belief in what the asking you to deliver impossible targets.
Happily took redundancy this year and honestly don't think the company will be around for much longer.. Head office in Manchester and unless willing and able to commute the distance the jobs outside will disappear. The business is re-structuring itself to continue to be one of the only insurance brokers with over 100 high street branches plus a central contact centre and online site to make it easy for customers to choose how they wish to interact with Swinton, so it's currently going through a lot of change to better serve customers in the future.. low pay, no training, terrible systems, and a bullying mentality. The dev teams seemed to be running in their own world, bypassing procedures and having their own on call system which basically meant they carried their own personal phone without any real commitment to the duty.. To much changes around no one cares worst company I’ve work for. Callous.   Reducing jobs is no excuse for treating people badly.  Good employees treated like numbers.  They dont deserve their fantastic employees.. 100% focus on making company attractive for sale. 0% focus on people.. Information can be on a need to know basis.  Some communications come as a shock and sometimes input can seem to go unnoticed.. the benefits are rubbish and the company is underhanded now trying to save money on the loyal staff like cutting overtime on call hours and the overtime rate but yet they can afford to pay silly money to contractors that don't really add any benefit to the company.. Don't value the staff and the knowledge they have. Don't listen to concerns, they just go through the motions, it's a tick box exercise. Fake reviews for pay... u will do well if your face fits.. jobs for the boys! Change the goal post every week!. Absolutely laughable don't believe the fake reviews! Believe the majority their the truth it's horrendous! They are more bothered about trying to look good on here rather than actually rewarding their staff. Directors are simply wolves in sheeps clothing.  About as transparent as a brick wall with a foot thick of cladding on it.  Used to be a people's company to work for, people used to feel valued but then the changes started a few year ago with restructuring, things done unprofessionally by senior management and above, no clue no support and no people skills both for staff and customers.. says it all when you read through the vast majority of these reviews. Staff made to work harder and longer hours not able to take your overtime as paid or get time off when best for employee., pay freezes left right and centre and nothing left to fight for.. Poor organisation & communications from management & HR. Working in the branch network is the equivalent of being on employments death row. Down to just over 100 branches now and 4 years ago there was over 500. Board seem  only interested in pushing Diversity agenda i.e. Gay pride and not focusing on the unhappiness of staff across the company. Incentives cut by 80% over the last 5 years even though we are working twice as hard. Staff totally not appreciated, pay scale pathetic and zero staff incentives if you do well. Staff who leave the company are not replaced adding even more pressure to the loyal staff who have stayed.. Constant changes and hassle from higher ranks. Higher management/board don't know how to run a business or care even about staff. Seems like they want to line their pockets at staff and customers expense being in new systems minimal testing many issues and expected results too quickly.. Unbelievable treatment of staff, I was one of the lucky ones I got out with a payout. The company is too interested how they look than making sure jobs are secure and staff are happy.  They have just announced the incentive statement to staff, they are paying 55% for 6 months bonus blaming it on customer complaints driving it down as they complain about branch closures. How is that the staffs fault? It's funny though as they state they are looking at ways of saving money looks like the staff are suffering for that although have found money to sponsor pride. The whole redundancy debacle was a joke announced over the phone, then show off the new building and rave about this with no respect for people losing their jobs.. The worst bonus structure I have ever experienced!
Had a monthly bonus, switched to quarterly and now switched to half yearly....I have came out with less than I used to get a MONTH and that is supposed to be a 6 monthly reward! Disgusting! I hope the board are proud of themselves!. Well, where do I start? 
Shocking system with no training given, apart from - heres online learning modules work through it in your own time whilst answering the phones and making sales. Brilliant training ethic. They then go and make the trainers they so desperately need redundant? You honestly can't make it up. The Company wonders why the call quality in branches is so poor, GIVE CSA'S DECENT TRAINING. The systems constantly crash resulting in more re work for CSA'S and piles of call backs, which are most of the time missed due to the further incoming calls which then lead to complaints, never ending cycle.  There's no progression here, they're shutting branches down left right and centre giving the surviving branches more work with less people answering the phones for the same wage. Expectations are changed monthly maybe quarterly if you're lucky. Sometimes changed without anyone from above telling you. Bonus payouts are laughable as the top grades are so unachievable. Customers are no longer the companies priority, sort of a like it or leave it attitude. Swinton is now just a standard car and home broker, no specialist insurance means their USP is non existent. Customers now find it extremely hard to get in touch with their local office as the company have changed the way the phones work, so customers are being diverted all over the country with no idea who they're speaking to. This then falls on the branches with the amount of complaints we face because of  this.   Swinton are losing so much of their book its easy to say that the branch network will be a thing of the past very soon, they need to review the rates they use for policies as they cannot compete against their online competitors. They are now training the folks up in the call centre's to do what we do in the branch ready for further closures. Swinton was a good place to work a few years ago but that has sadly changed. The mood in the branches is at an all time low with loyal and decent staff leaving at an alarming rate.. Lots of miscommunication's and insecurity when it comes to job roles. Things seem to change every year and the board of directors make sweeping changes often. Lots of branches closing down and redundancies have been rife.. Exco dont care about anyone, lied to all the time. We're to start the company would not know the truth if it jumped up and smacked them in the face.Last restructure we were advised reason behind it was the changing market and more people shopping online,if that really was the case why our your remaining staff in branches drowing in the amount of phone calls coming into branches surely if what you said was true the remaining branches would be quieter as the customers would be buying online and not needing to telephone the branches.The whole restructure excuses now turns out to be nothing more than a smoke screen as reported today covea now selling Swinton.Restructre was nothing more than covea tidying up the business to make it more appealing to prospective buyers.
I hope who ever buys this sinking ship puts a whole new board in and arranges better systems and rates or the long serving experienced loyal staff will be leaving and they will be left with nothing more than the call centre staff who have no idea what there doing. constant restructure, constant fear of losing your job, harsh management,. very bad system usage Strata
has different breakdown pricing for different customers even though same cover level and justifies it as "testing the market"
terrible high up decisions losing the business money
even worse fraudulent detection hundreds of fraudulent policies setup every day and can't release any information with actual homeowners who were fraudulently used as dpa infraction
terrible quality system without being able to properly appeal and frankly they just add any new "guidance" without telling us a thing and just letting us "fail" for it. Poor pay, no employee benefits, strange working hours, no flexibility. More could be done to acknowledge the stress of the job on call handlers, 
Nepotism,
Not always enough support for CSA's. I spent over a month without a Manager and had colleagues who spent longer without one, 
Home Insurance call handlers didn't have enough support. (1) Management style is on the harsh side. The company decided to introduce a new system (about time, the old systems were a joke) however just for bants decided to give no-one any proper training. The seniors that are meant to know how to work the system don't know their bum from their elbow and you then get penalised for calling around to different departments for help. Thanks Swinton.

Where to start with the redundancies. We found out that we could 'potentially' be made redundant just over a month before it actually happened meaning that those that weren't lucky enough to receive any sort of redundancy package, were left panicked trying to find a job. Now I don't know if any of you have tried looking for jobs recently, but 1 month is not enough! The government can thank Swinton for the recent increase in job seekers applications. By June we had all gotten used to the idea that we were leaving and had all started the frantic job hunting process, but Swinton being Swinton dropped a bombshell 2 weeks before the branches closed - there were vacancies in branches staying open. Now bare in mind that around 84 branches closed, these branches that are remaining open are not down the road. There had been people that were willing to relocate to the open branches, but No! Swinton won't allow that, let's just force two poor sods that don't want to be here anymore to commute for an extra hour everyday, to an office they don't want to work in, for a company that they've already decided they want to leave, after spending weeks looking for a new job, let's just keep them just for bants. 

Also not long after we were told about the 'possible' redundancies, our intranet was flooded by images of the new Swinton head office, in the heart of Manchester city, with amazing links all over the place, shiny new desks and computers, with their own state of the art pool tables, unicorns, whatever. Thanks for the consideration Swinton. Why not rub it in some more. 

The board clearly have no sympathy for anyone, they clearly don't care about their staff, got rid of us as soon as we sorted out their system and got it up and running. Working in the branches is hectic! We not only had to do our work but the contact centres would pass us their work too (how you are going to survive with the contact centre I do not know, they don't know how to do the basics) 

All in all I have to say I don't trust the board. I don't trust that the rest of the branches are going to stay open for very long. It's clear that 'personal service has gone out the window a long time ago, and the only thing that made you different in the market was the branches, but now you are getting rid of them good luck! You won't be able to survive online either because your rates are shocking.. 1) All departments don't work together ring one person get one answer ring another get another answer - inconsistent for customers and employee knowledge.  
2) Lack of sensitivity in redunandys - you are just a employee number not a person. 
3) no training now- honestly if all current learning is done on cornerstone then we will all learn nothing . 
4) no progression or development for anyone.  
5) consistent job insecurity 
6) ridiculously high targets now apparently we can do double our previous workload and if you don't cut it I'd be careful because we will be pushed out . 
7) no wage rises again , intact we all earn less then we did 2 years ago . 
8) we have forgot our true branch slogan local people serving local people and no we arnt local and given stupid prices . 
9) no honesty or truth from higher management ever . Lies lies and more lies.. Unsecure, as lots of change means lots of cuts. This means jobs are in the firing line.
Redundancies often dealt with in a very unsympathetic manner by senior management.
Reluctance of departments/areas to take ownership of processes and procedures.
Poor benefits package.. I actually loved my job despite the amount of problems with the new system and lack of proper training for staff. This last lot of branch closures have been with no respect or compassion just wanted the job cuts done as quick as possible so you can start celebrating your 60 years. No consideration for loyal customers who like a face to face service. You said you have closed branches were the rates aren't competitive but you have made a hell of a lot of money from customers in those postcodes over the years and should have found a way to get to be competitive rather than just throwing business away.. To many to mention but here goes. A new  board created coming in as the saviours being negative to previous management as. However let's look at the fact - since the saviours have come in -.morale at an all time low , performance is at an all time low. They put a new system in place but to be fair its completely one issue after another. The saviours do not give one thought or care for any member of staff. They only care about their ego prancing around in their jimmy choo shoes. They are running the company into the ground. One comedy show after another - claim to be transparent and honest - nick
Cotton is more honest and a black board is more transparent. No security around jobs all you heard was well when your lease is up we will decide whether to keep you open. A conference call every 3 months is the saviours idea of communicating with staff . Complete shambles of a company now 48 years to build a great company and great place to work and took the new board 2 years to completely lose the values and culture of a great company .. The systems.
Bonus structure. 
Training is non existent.
No option for progression, unless the manager leaves.. No stability constantly closing branches and making people redundant. Bonuses without targets none knows what they are aiming for. Managers have no clue. Call centre job from a branch. Every move is policed. Worse job in my career.. Made redundant (shut branch, again!) 
Wages (a joke from day one!)
Bonus
False promises
No career progression 
Training courses just for the sake of it! 
Endless new "accountability" tools used. WOW, where to start?! Change change and more change. Staff are rewarded with pay decreases and given more work to do?! Now a broker who can't refer so unless you fit the limited criteria of the idilic customer they crave you won't be able to renew nor will they be able to quote you, this a far cry from "the dream" of the exec team presented to us some 18 months ago? Restricted policies, terrible systems, bad management and poor investments have led to the 3rd batch of branch closures in 6 years but this has been blamed on customers buying habits? The internet correct me if I'm wrong has existed a lot longer than 18 months as have comparison sites..... no one will accept responsibility for the demise of a once great and loved company.  Sadly Swinton are loosing a lot of loyal, experienced and knowledgeable staff and also a lot of loyal and happy customers. This all down to bad investment and decision making. Not customer buying habits!!!. Having managers who lie to their employees.
Bad Communication.
Getting misadvised which costs you your job.
I'd strongly advise people to go elsewhere.
They take advantage of your issues and lie to get rid of employees so they can pay someone a cheaper salary.. Where to start.. Yet more branch closures, yet more hardworking dedicated staff being made redundant. "putting the customer first" what a joke! Good luck you will absolutely need it.. no clear guidance on what to aim for regarding half yearly bonus
no understanding of tiers and where you fall within the grades
higher management have no idea how branch members feel
no job progression opportunities. Well where do I start on this....after having worked for Swinton for nearly 10 years. The board at Swinton are still not provided transparency to all us CSA's. We have to read between the lines and draw our own conclusions. Redundancies were swift and harsh. Without the option of offering VR to those that may have wanted it. Which in turn could have allowed others to stay without having to go through compulsory redundancy. 
The branches are quiet with calls far and few between. The prices of our policies nearly almost always are more than our competitors. Whereas before we could possibly say we are a high street branch. All we can say is go online and go for the cheaper quote that Swinton are offering online. And we can not proactively say 'did you want me to set up the policy for you' after they have had the online quote.
Renewals have been taken away and the out dated way we call our leads with little or no success. 
Why can't we have liability, caravan, motorcycles back in the office 
We once were a good company. Now we are a company in disarray. 
When was the last pulse survey commissioned. Are Swinton worried what the feedback would be. 
Transparency is the key, be upfront and none of this cloak and dagger attitude.. How can you give us  motivation speeches and town hall meetings which had given myself the feeling so positive for the future to have been pulled  from under me. Open and honest umm let me come back to you Swinton on that one !!!!. Outdated systems, rude staff, constant I.T. problems and corrupt management.. huge branch closures and redundancies recently announced. Why are new staff employed on much higher salaries than existing experienced and valuable staff?? Very poor upper management and ex co team. Would not recommend to anyone.. Made me redundant a matter of weeks after completing the qualification. Extremely poor board and management at the head office, which lead to 3 particular directors meddling with the sales process in order to line their own pockets. Their greed cost hundreds of people their jobs! Luckily the FCA found out. In all just a horrible company to work for - you are only a number to them, not a person.. None really get to meet new people each day and work with a great team. At risk of redundancy - not done with a personal touch - savage and very quick cuts.. Where do I start? Since a new system has been installed. The poor staff have been left to learn it all on their own. The company gave no training, and don't listen to what the staff are asking for!!! Help!!! Staff worry every day about their jobs. Targets are now called expectations, which is just another word for targets. Constantly being told that not hitting expectations (targets), will result in further action. The fear behind it is enough to drive anyone crazy. When issues are raised these get brushed under the carpet, and all the wonderful staff at the bottom are trying so hard to get it right, but the lack of communication and leadership is making people ill. It's a ruthless culture, management tell staff if they don't like it get another job. Without taking into account this is someone's life, feelings. If your face fits, you will be fine, if it doesn't and you try to speak out, you have no chance.. Massive pressures on results due to demanding industry and customers more and more shunning branches and going online.. Swinton insurance is not a safe place to work. Been there three years and constantly under threat of losing my position.
No pay increase for three years!
Constantly forcing you to do more work for the same money!
New staff come with higher salaries and are less skilled.. 11 day shifts on phones
Very unorganised 
Lack of focus 
Didn't look after staff
Processes and systems old and confusing. Where to start! When I started at Swinton I loved my job but the new computer systems failings have resulted in an ever increasing amount of angry customers and those of us on the front line are getting little support.The stress levels of concerned staff are not being addressed. No pay review or decent bonus structure for fully trained and experienced staff - new staff on higher salaries is unreal! Clear favouritism in promotion of staff - if you are not 'pally' with management you don't stand a chance of promotion. Change, change, change, change, change, change and more change.. Poor compensation, little focus on coaching/personal development. Long days (Monday late night) 3 out of 4 weekends altho was promised a max of 2 per month, high-stress minimal reward. career growth is none existent. To carry on the great work as their really is no Cons. Disgusting treatment of staff bullying was brushed under the carpet and was treated like a idiot for even saying I was being bullied, stress levels are awful systems are shocking and they want customers in and out and was told of on a few occasions for being to nice and spending to much time with one customer. I resigned today after a mere 3 days with the company.  You have 3 attempts to sit an assessment (all online like a driving theory test) and if you fail the third you get a fourth attempt at managers discretion so rather than go through that embarassment I decided to jump before I was pushed.  I wish I had been warned about this at the initial interview.. Don't work for these people.Company is a joke.Systems keep crashing and management don't seem to care.So many complaints from customers and communication is a joke.As soon as I find another job I am leaving.. job security and pay. Staff who have worked there for years and are both experienced and more over worked because they're trained in all areas demoralised with new staff coming in on higher basics with less work load. You should really look at increasing pay based on how many areas you can help a customer. 
Stopped commission. 
Feels like we're treated like kids half the time.
No real culture or reasons to engage with staff around you.. Ever Increasing prices, cannot insure certain people / companies because the new system cannot allow it ???? Turning away customers who have been with us for years because the system cannot quote for them as it doesn't fit into the new system techonology - crazy. No Common Sense. Shut branches down that were making money but because an external company said to shut branches they did. Not interested in the customer or personal touch anymore, will be lucky to still have branches on the high street in the next 3 years, more call centre environment.. My 9 years at this company have been quite literally the worst job I have ever had.  The culture will never change.  The unfair treatment of myself and some of my colleagues is disgraceful.  When we attempted to escalate our fears, we were persecuted and my concerns were dismissed and ignored.  The bullying is rife and upper management were either unaware or in denial.  As a result, I had no option but to leave.  The mistreatment continued up to the day I left.  Culminating in a verbal assault by another member of staff which was overlooked yet again by my CSM.. It is as if you have two businesses in one.  The employees and the executive team, the latter knows very little about the former.. Ummm, where do I start!! You are chucked in completely at the deep end, my training for the new system included sitting for hours in front of a pc watching videos to learn how to use it. I did however have two group training days to get me through the accreditation to sell household and car, the local trainer is a fantastic man just didn't see him enough. Swinton pak the old system I didn't even get shown which is ludicrous as I would be using it for the next 15 months alongside strata, that's not even counting the other systems evolve and cbp. When I was offered the role I was assured it wouldn't be hard selling as not my style but that quickly changed from looking after your existing clients to it all about sales and what you are not getting. Very negative environment as you never get a compliment or a thanks for the hard work you do put in, it's all about what you're not doing right. 

I found that there was a small percentage of certain clientele that strata was competitive for but the majority of times people would gasp and think I was joking when I quoted prices. 

I've never had a manger like I had at Swinton either, they couldn't manage to save they're life....  one to ones when you actually had them were made up as they went along and god forbid you questioned anything it as it was all put back on you and that you couldn't take feedback, Im all for feedback when it is done in a constructive manor plus justified too as when I asked to listen to the calls they were referring to that I had done incorrectly the points weren't there! I lost faith after that in anything that was said on coaching sheets. 

Coaching I thought was a case of things being explained rather than just having a sheet handed to you that you don't understand, unfortunately I had given up trying to ask about things for fear of the reaction. 

I was made to feel unwelcome and on the outside within my branch a lot of the time. All down to the managers behaviour. I fully appreciate they are put under a lot of stress by upper management.

Scripts are extremely long winded but do understand people need to be informed but you ended up repeating certain parts of information when they are trying to get away from the robotic nature. I'm sure after a year of strata things will be a lot better.

All the admin has been taken away from the branches at the moment so consequently you have to rely on admin teams to which holding in a queue to get the simplest action sorted isn't uncommon, I like to be able to treat my customers how I like to be treated myself and at the moment you just can't do it.. There are no cons to working at Swinton Insurance.. Head office location not the easiest to get to. On top of the usual gripes about inadequate pay (well below market rates) and antiquated people policies, the business has been through a troubled time over the last few years. An outdated business model, regulatory failings and aborted IT projects have cost tens of millions with little to show other than the business' obvious inability to effect change. From one 'transformation' project to another, it often feels like more thought has been put into branding the change than the change itself, with a revolving door of leaders proving better than anything just how little faith anyone should have in the business and its prospects. While the business has been offloading it's property portfolio for years, the latest move to sell off a prized asset in its HQ to switch to leased premises is the clearest sign yet that the current leadership team and parent company have only one priority: to make the business as attractive as possible to a prospective buyer who will undoubtedly slash the remaining branches, switch to an online only operation supported by a contact centre with a significant reduction in both operational and support service staff. This makes sound business sense, but with the disruption this will involve over the coming years, I can't imagine why anyone would choose to work aboard such an obviously sinking ship any longer.. I worked in ISD (Information Systems Development – IE: Information Technology) for over 4 years and seen it reduce from 200 people down to less than 40.  From an IT perspective its basically done.  For the remaining 40 people who are still working there they are doing nothing but taking old servers offline and looking at ways in house systems can be turned off and replaced with third part outsourced systems.  Not one single person who left got replaced.

The company is lacking a clear direction and running on an outdated business model.  The “insurance broker” model is dead in the water.  Aggregators like MoneySuperMarket: GoCompare are just eating into profits yet Swinton still decides to keep branches open.  The only reason braches “sell” policies is that calls overflow to them when the call centre is busy.  How many other insurance providers have branches, not many because everyone buys online!  Wake up!

With the move to new leased offices (whilst selling up current offices which Swinton own), it feels like they’re shrinking down with the hope of been acquired by a bigger insurance provider.  The current moto within Swinton is "Shrink to grow"

The new outsourced system was a joke.  I’ve never seen so much down time in my life.

The future does not look good for anyone working there.. Too many changes, so much money wasted on systems in last few years and nothing to show for it.. Lots of change usually means lots of leavers, this can be unsettling for any business and can be difficult to manage disgruntled staff. This is to be expected when modernising the business approach.. bit of a balancing act to get everything over the line that's wanted. career progression is not that good. Poor systems across departments. Little to no company strategy, antiquated business model. No direction provided by directors.
Broker model is no longer sustainable. Will half in size over next two years. If nothing changes company will be gone in 5.
Need some creativity at the Top!. Where do I start, I have worked for this company for nearly 20 years and have never seen anything like this. The great hard working managers have been made redundant to make way for ADM favourites to get the jobs, new system brought in that doesn't work and it's embarrassing being on the phone to customers, for a company that used to pride itself on customer service has completely lost its way since the introduction of strata! Staff on the frontline don't even have full access to "back office" whatever that is we are told nothing and have no tools to do our job any longer. But they still expect us to meet their "expectations" or you are put in a category of "inconsistant" "strong" etc etc which demotivates the staff even more than they already are!! Frustrated doesn't even come close to how the staff are feeling they are losing good members of staff left right and centre and they are doing nothing about it. Making the staff look stupid and incompetent is not the way forward. It's a shame as this used to be a great place to work but can't see any future in it anymore!!. The drive can be to fast at times. Senior management team simply doesn't work. Instead of lifting morals, they keep putting people down because they have favorites that everybody knows about. Those favorite have friends who have friends. So some are nice hardworking people and the others are just friends with friend in higher places. It happens everywhere, but at least other places they try to disguise it.. If your Face don't fit you won't last 
Lair to you about the role and Bonus system 
And said could get paid for overtime for Saturday work only to find out has to be taking as a flexible time etc. Don't know where to start ... the job role is made out to be everything that you'd want, chilled out, gradual progression, bonus scheme but in reality you get none of that. Calls are listened to live with no room for error and scrips that are pages and pages long. No progression at all unless you call being a managers skivvy progression? The bonus scheme is basically done on if your manager actually likes you or not, if they do you are lucky, if not don't expect a thing! Staff arnt trusted to get on with a job that they have been trained to do. And managers don't see if from an advisors point of view. A lot of money has been spent on a new building, what about paying the staff more and showing that you actually appreciate them? Don't think I had as much as a thank you for the whole time I worked there, they just don't appreciate the good people they have!. No flexibility 
Awful work life balance 
Call centre mentality in branch 
Crap out of date IT systems 
Crap quoting system (CDL) 
For what you go through on a daily basis the salary is rubbish. 

We are forced to be very robotic with customer,  strict rules on what we can & cannot say kill the natural conversation.

Too many scripts,  very strict rules & regulations
All calls are listened into & strictly scrutinised with no margin for error. 

Customer service/satisfaction sacrificed in favour of  quality & regulations. That is where I say the company is absolutely all over the place. They don't appreciate the people in branches . With this new system that never works , and the struggle that some of us had to go through we don't even get a 'thank you' or 'sorry we didn't expect this to happen but keep up the good work'. All we get is 'it will work', 'Its all about the profit that we will make in 2017'... if you continue at this rate you won't have any staff to help you get your profit in 2017. 
I've been in this company for donkey years, and it is the first time I've seen my colleagues burst into tears because of the pressure of the new system, That We got without ANY training whatsoever. The thought of signing off with stress goes through my mind quite a lot these days.. Seems from the outside looking in, there is a deadline to move everything across to a call centre network ( strata ).. that was pushed forward before stress tests were completed..All so 2018, we become a call centre in new property in Manchester, where we have leased the entire building and as per property magazines " move all customer facing staff under one roof. "
So 1 year left guys, before total branch network closures..
That's why even though the systems are a work in progress, we carry on making it up as we go as the deadline has to be hit.. No progression 
Average pay
Lack of responsibility. Strata/CDL is the new system being taken on by Swinton without any formal training because the FCA said the system we where using was not complying with regulation. 

We keep being told how its amazing, our business growth has already declined by 30% and I know when we are in our 121 meeting this will be put back to us on the front line. We will be told that it's not good enough and we will suffer out bonus; 

We are scripted and have important things we have to disclose in many cases these prompts have not works causing us to 'fail' calls even though it is the system at fault this shows on our own personal files and effect our bonus. 

In Swinton there are not targets there are expectation... these are the dame thing as they effect your bonus; 

A balanced score card helps determine if you have hit a certain level to earn a certain bonus it is so balance that sales are worth more then customer service and solving complaints and keeping customer is not as valuable as creating new ones. 

Last week we turned a lot of people away because they did not ''fit into the system'' and now the system keeps crashing meaning we are turning more people away. 

And now they have announces they need people in Manchester so not only are we struggling but we have less staff to deal with the building complaints from customers. 

It is so stressful I really am considering going off sick or worse yet leaving. Oh and they also have issued this survey that we need to complete to tell them how we feel about the company so they can release the data publicly, we have been told that it is anonymous and that they will not know who has said what so we should be honest but they send a unique user code to everyone to log in so they know who we are meaning lots of people will lie and not tell the truth because they are worried about the backlash.. Hard working and loyal staff (not me on either count) taken for granted and squeezed til the pips squeak. Middle and upper management completely clueless, if your face fits etc. When I was seeking my escape it was raised in the interview that I worked for Swinton, the response? "Oh dear" - never heard from them again. The next interview I said I was looking to leave because I was concerned what working for Swinton was doing to my reputation - I got the role; pay rise, great benefits and ethical management. There is no consistency flitting from one ill conceived rescue plan to the next. Good employees are swimming against the tide and propping up colleagues who wouldn't be employed elsewhere. A slow, lingering death is all that awaits. No doubt when that time comes the frontline staff will be pushed out the door with the statutory minimum whilst senior managers count their pay offs.. salary was not amazing,and the chances for commission were not there. 1- Liars!  When they are trying to get new employees they just tell the candidates the good bits about the job and mask the horrible working hours and the pressure that you get being constantly monitored and asked to do more than you are meant to.

2- Bonus scheme. If you take your time to read these reviews you see a trend of complaining how bad the bonus are. It is a bad taste joke. The "geniuses" who came up with this idea are responsible for a very large crowd leaving Swinton.

3- They always keeping moving your goalposts. The phrase "carrot on a stick" summarises all.

4- Incompetent Human Resources. If you are a mature employee and needs holidays and day offs to be compatible with your necessities, you are going to suffer. Swinton thinks that they own you, and you can just they holidays whey they think you can have them.

5- Real time analysts. You are already pressurised in every form in this company to get a pitiful salary, on top of that, even if you are out of the phone to solve a customer problem. You get people pestering you.

6- Not everybody cares about the customers. I do care about the customers and I always will. But there are people that are so worried about bonus and targets that they would not try to solve a problem if that will affect their statistics.

7- Benefits: You can see how bad the company is when nobody uses their service. I have not met a single employee who actually had insurance with Swinton. I tried to get a quote for my home insurance and even with 50% discount (or so!) The price was terrible. Car insurance? Laughable quotes!!!

8- If you are trying to apply for a job a Swinton please read these reviews! Ignore the fake ones and be sure that you are willing to submit yourself to it! It will change your life.. Too many to mention, so many cons one after the other.  The new system is just the latest. Now juggling 3 systems without adequate training. It is hit and miss whether it will work. Loyal customers being turned away if they DONT FIT the strata/cdl quote system. In truth most employees dread picking up the phone incase it is a quote. Not our fault the FCA demanded the removal of our old system before we could be trained so we feel totally inadequate and sound that way !. Lots of changes to management recently
Benefits not great for everyone
Struggle to identify opportunities over issues. Feeling the Directors are CV building rather than truly passionate about the company.

Big push on diversity, specifically against sexual orientation, which is really good, however again't smacks of vested interest from the Director on the board of an LGBT company as No focus on true diversity of religion and race (and other minorities)

Constantly talking about the same problems and solutions with no action. 

Swinton moments launched to promote all good activity across the company but instead it's turned into a bragging contest on which adviser can get the naffest gift from customers. As nice as it to see someone smiling about a pack of digestive biscuits I'm sure they could find some truly unheard voices within the company if they tried harder.. Management not very understanding. They get paid big bucks and a lot of them don't care about their staff. False people.. Director(s) appear to be on their own journey rather than the true interests of the company.. Extremely poor managers led me to leave the business after almost two decades. One who ran the branch like a dickensian workhouse only to be replaced by a manager who never came out of back office and interacted with colleagues and customers. Seven staff left in ten months. Come on middle management don't fool people with five star reviews.. Work/life balance is still an issue, flex is sometimes very one sided and pilots of longer opening times are worrying. Could become an uninviting job for staff with families. System reliability remains an Achilles heel.. The company are making that many changes in such a short space of time it is absolutely horrendous.  Staff in tears.. No interest in staff from management - the only place I've left there was no exit interview

No more training - they've stopped all training apart from Tradesman insurance for their Manchester call centre which is terrible if you are in a branch

They expect you to travel to different branches due to low staff but are making no attempt to replace staff and are shutting down branches

They are freezing pay, cutting bonuses and have removed a large chuck of insurers - a move that made me want to leave as soon as as I feel my old office will begone before the end of the year. Mid level management dilute and manipulate board level decisions to their own ends I have seen many good store managers made redundant and many less capable get the job my own being a example. Frightened of difficult conversations avoids confrontation of issues and is generally weak in decision making. Yet to coin a catchphrase "right people for he right roles" we have been told.. Unfortunately I wasn't able to go part time while going back to college so I had to leave.

Scripts are some of the worst I've came across in the industry, customers and staff hated them.. Constantly work weekend after being told 1 in 4 worked
Low commissiin structure
Lots of pressure on sales over service. Last few years seen several changes at senior level resulting in unsettlement for staff with loss of great deal of highly experienced personnel in branch and at head office. Branches are now mini call centres but not getting sales opportunities as these go to main call centre Manchester with branches clearing up the mess. Another new system promised but still not what was promised many years ago - too disjointed.. People need to step back and reflect on the Senior Management that have left and are leaving the business. This is a clear indication of the way the company is ran and the culture being instilled. Are all these people poor at their jobs? Are all these people wrong? People are walking out without alternative jobs to go too!!!!. The way they handled the restructure was nothing more than ridiculous. Staff having to keep their mouths shut about whether or not they still had a job or be threatened with discipline!!! Too many chiefs........ The downsides of working for Swinton.. Well where do I start?
Firstly I am having an issue regarding my probation I have been doing great for figures since I have worked for Swinton (6months). And have had no regular probation feedback,comments or anything, but only dawned on me last week when I was advised if I do not get 2x house insurance sales by the 29th August then I wil loose my job at Swinton insurance, the management don't have a clue, managers just sit in the back office on their phones doing nothing. 
I wouldn't recodmend Swinton to anyone.. I still think the phone system could be better, more of an effort should be made so clients who want to speak to their local branch can do so. New steer for 2016 was not to train but to get in people with experience.
Unfortunately since then, Swinton has been haemorrhaging money paying consultants. In some parts this has worked in others they are paying the staff that they lost 2 years ago that moved into these consultancy companies. So much money being spent on contract/interim staff, who don't seem bought into what's best for the organisation long term, just getting in some big contracts, names and former colleagues.

The business is suffering following the stranglehold of the regulators. The money has gone into fixing that. 
The insurance industry has lost brand identity which means Swinton has a mountain to climb over the next 5 years and knows it needs to innovate. However right now, it's about trying to fix and not lose even more customers.

Perhaps give it a couple more years before joining Swinton and be part of a new organisation, not this one we are trying to wrap up and switch off.. Lying, sneaky, mind games, bullies - total joke making us go out in the community to make swinton look good! Read the reviews on facebook its not working the damage is done!. Negative culture still evident, limited focus on employee wellbeing and benefits need to be developed further to instil a healthier work/life balance.. The job advert was a lie...some key information was deliberately withheld.  Horrible shift pattern that means giving up your own life to become a Swintonized drone worker.

Continually moving goalposts.   The company does not have a clue what it is doing.  The so-called managers cannot manage.  The bonus is very hard to achieve - any excuse to reduce the bonus is used.

The staff turn over is alarmingly high - never a good sign in any company.  

Treating customers fairly - they don't...you can go online and get a quote with lots of discount incorporated; you can get an noncompetitive offline quote; and you can go into a branch and get a heavily discounted quote.  That is not treating customers fairly.  The FCA should be made aware of this.

Treating staff fairly - that does not even enter the equation.

Too much company politics that impede job functionality.  All the extra things we had to do because we were told it was down to FCA rulings e.g., scripting; to find out it was Swinton not the FCA.  We were never told why we had to do these new things and questioning things was not encouraged.

Swinton talk about simplifying everything - yet seem obsessed about complicating things.

Swinton is the most un-green company I have worked for.  They do not recycle; they are very wasteful with energy and could save thousands each year.. I can not think of any cons.. Very structured policies and procedures with little flexibility to deviate from.. Company has downsized branch network from over 500 to 199 branches nationwide in last 3 years. Understand that for people who want a career in Swinton we  should utilise our in house talent more - the roles aren't easy and we are lucky to have such a good workforce who work with pride and resilience in this ever changeable environment.. Unfortunately the company don't recognise that the people make the company, they have put in management that won't stay and are only there to make cuts and then leave without a second thought, the branches have been cut massively and are no longer easily accessible for the customers, there is a lot of bullying that goes on at a management level, I experienced this personally on more than one occasion and have known another member of staff be physically attacked, this then got covered over by higher manager.. And the member of staff was threatened to keep there mouth shut, the ADMs knew who they wanted in the new positions and the restructuring was pointless, a lot of these manager done for bullying and being dodgy are still in the company and are still up to there old tricks, part of the reason I was happy to leave was due to one particular manager that was horrible to all there team, never really did any work, didn't give any support and basically made me hate the job I once loved, making me go home most days in tears, this particular manager althou still has a managers job now, Swinton is just making the same mistakes, also after 10 years + service I didn't even so much as get a thank you or a good bye from management,. Opportunities for promotion are effectively non existent due to low levels of attrition within H/O (which is also a good thing!).

The recent changes to employment contracts was very poorly communicated and explained. It undid alot of the goodwill and trust built up after 2016 conference; 

Senior Manager vs Non Senior Manager pay/benefits is still totally disconnected and doesn't always reflect role, responsibility or workload (despite a higher bonus being paid for SM's). Sales executives frequently rip off customers. Just google for reviews of Swinton Insurance. 
For example: Rated an average of 1 out of 10 on Trustpilot with over 100 reviews. 
A lot of corporate politics at play. Really irritating.
Not a lot of benefits.. I must say that the recent process has been awful to work through , didn't get the right results (laughable in some cases ) new managers in over their head already ! Staff moral on the floor ! Customers leaving in droves and poor bonuses ! I am delighted to have been given redundancy after a poor couple of years working for this nightmare company which is a shame as I have worked many years for them and loved it ! Your loss Swinton! We have been told the managers care and you are putting us 1st , after over 25 years service my adm  didn't bother to ring me or even email his good wishes , tells it all really .. The branch is a dying animal and needs to be put out of its misery. Two consultation periods and major branch closures in 30 months spells a death knell for any business. They are trying new and improved ways of operating but they're still 10-15 years behind everyone else. Huge, questionable decisions made at the highest level and then lip service paid to a change in culture. There is no real customer focus as this is sales and the figures are everything. Difference is now, don't meet targets and perform poorly means your branch may close. 

Wages have been reducing consistently for years and any skill as a broker on an individual basis is going to be lost as the new systems will take that away from you. Deskilling employees is a sign of continued restructuring

It's a shame as the company has tried and tried to be significant but, honestly, the branch can't even beat swintons own online prices and they only motor, home and travel as core products in the branch. There is no future in this. no cons great place to work. No cons found so far.. Branch closures and good managers not keeping jobs disgraceful. High pressure to achieve targets and customers can sometimes be a real hassle due to previous employees not resolving an issue.. Working weekends. 1 every 3 weeks.. Benefits package. Not enough staff but that seems to be changing as quite a few new members have recently been recruited.. Need to look after the staff a bit more.. Progression is frowned upon, any way they can get out of paying your bonus they will, they fob you off and feel like because the job market is difficult at the moment they can use you as a doormat and walk all over you. Any question I ever asked they told me a lie, not surprised to see them closing branches all over the country, they are corrupt from the top down, if you can avoid like the plague.. The salary needs increasing as over the years we've had to endure poor systems and high technical knowledge to retain customers. The new board and followers seems to want to get rid of the old and bring in the new. Giving jobs to people with no insurance experience whilst making lots of people with plenty of experience redundant or by shutting branches making it impossible for staff to carry on working for Swinton as branches now not within travelling distance. Heartbreaking watching people having to give up on jobs they love. Don't think there will be a branch network much longer.. The time it takes to deliver such plans impact current staff and causes some of the best people to look for better more immediate oppertunities.. For the past 2-3 years there has been alot of uncertainty with regards to the companys future and strategy.. Revolving door policy at board level. Nothing ever quite works as it should. Very uncertain times, many changes over the last few years with very little time to catch your breath in between, recent restructure has resulted in mixed feelings and we are currently a bit in limbo due to the length of time everything is taking but overall it would seem that its going to be a great place to work going forward...watch this space. Big management changes have sent the company going massively in one direction, then after another spate of board level changes off somewhere else.  No-one really knows what or when new things are happening, just that they are - poor communication from the decision makers.
No pay rises for a few years, and paid promotions are seemingly impossible at the moment.. Almost everything, the way it treats customers (£8,000,000 fine) and read social media, full of complaints, different commission levels for different customers. I did a quote and it was 20% more in the branch compared to call center with exactly the same details - CUSTOMER LOYALTY ISN'T REWARDED. If your family and friends are with Swinton do them a favor and help them shop around.

The way it treats colleagues: pay freezes, redundancies, rubbish processes, make staff like robots, poor benefits, awful salary, lack of progression, lack of development, promising the world giving rubbish (Evolve).

Swinton will not be around much longer, you can go to employers where you will be paid fairly, developed properly and have a career rather than a (dead end) job. 

Most of the staff don't insurer with Swinton, even with Staff Sales discount you can smash the price online with someone else.

Most people are clinging on for redundancy, it's a shame.... a shadow of what they were 3+ years ago.. Dont value their staff enough. My last manager was rude, argumentative and moody, I hated coming in to work. Process changes were always incompetent. It's a greedy company with no concept of customer service. I am so glad I have left and would discourage anyone from working for or using Swinton. I was treated dreadfully when I handed my notice in after 6 yrs of loyal service and received no communication from HR as to why I was leaving as I imagine they don't care.. Beware if you leave, like many insurance companies they try to squirm out of paying out, normally that would be claims, but in my case it's wages.. Bonus changed .... Needed to work harder but earn less. If you have children I wouldn't recommend it as they are not helpful. No transparency - too many rumours constantly going on, which of course get denied by leadership team - and 95% of the time the rumours turn out to be true...including branch closures, change of directors, outsourcing IT systems, redundancies.

Directors and senior leadership team are quick to say the teams we have didn't do a good job on work...but didn't want to listen when advised the way they want things doing is wrong/over-complicated 

Flex time is good, but very limited with hours you can work between

Constantly changing board - all of whom have the same plan...close some branches and change the IT systems. Salary could be so much better to try & keep the GENUINE HARDWORKING staff.. Working saturdays can sometimes be difficult.. The way you to speak with customers is very robotic and possibly patronising to a client. Board keep saying they will simplify process, however the reality is far different. The process is not customer friendly and it takes along time to even do a simple change on a policy. I'm insured with a bigger insurer than Swinton for my car insurance and there process is what simple should be. They are fca regulated, so why all the unnecessary scripts that we have to go through. Just a waste of customer and company time.. It was inevitable that there did need to be changes to the way the company works and I don't think anyone had a problem with that, with the digital age we live In and the multiple channels that a client can obtain insurance we needed to stand out from the crowd. Sadly though, the one way that we did this by face to face interaction and having staff members with high levels of experience to guide customers along their journey is the one thing that the board are destroying! Yes some branches needed to close ( close proximity to other branches through acquisitions etc ) but the current idea of having limited branches and making them bigger completely destroys the local element that the branch network has previously promoted. Plus the desire to look after new starters over long standing members of staff seems bizarre, we have all had our own experiences of those call centre companies that employ robots with no technical experience other than reading a script or any ability to build a relationship with the person on the phone. I thought we were different, sadly the demise of the branch network is upon us and does anyone truly beleive this current cull is the last.. I found swinton to be a bunch of bullies... several people i worked with who were lovely hardworking people were targeted. they were made to look stupid in front of other employees and made to work late at no notice then threatened if they dare say anything. The mis selling was disgusting - we were threatened with all sorts if we didnt hit our monthly targets...they didnt give a stuff about the customers. The management were a nightmare - Bullies the lot of them. Low pay for experienced staff, senior managers show favouritism and not very professional. Poor processes and lack of development opportunities.. Some of the management could be very autocratic and reluctant to change.  Long term velocity was sold short for quick gains to meet targets and impress higher ups.

It has since changed greatly I hear for the worse and lacks most of the great people I used to work with.. Poor at paying people what they are worth and the better work went to contract not perm staff.. Very old systems and expected to read word for word off a screen and bits of paper all on one call whilst creating a positive customer journey and having the fear of failing once the call has ended.. Managers talking to each other on the mobile phones in the office.  Asking for opinions but that being told you're being negative for saying something they might not agree with.  Managers talking to each other in a very negative way about their staff in front of other staff.  Getting set unrealistic quarterly individual objectives more than half way through the quarter.  Some staff being pulled up for certain things that other staff can blatantly get away with.. We've had 3 new ExCo boards in as many years. This one won't last either. 

There were recent rounds of branch redundancies that were not announced to head office staff.

When communications are issued they are poorly written and full of grammatical errors. Even our new contract of employment had a spelling mistake in!

Unfortunately for branch staff the business processes are fragmented and cumbersome. This is being addressed by replatforming the IT systems.

Whilst the pay is good, we've had multiple pay freezes; this is ok when inflation is 0%.. I can't think of any cons working here!. It has the potential to be a wonderful workplace however Mickey Mouse decision making executives consistently make very poor decisions, even in manufacturing trade you wouldn't find a new starter earning more than the person training him/her especially when they've been there 5-10 years p.s I love the auto responses which say please contact so and so to discuss, the truth of the matter is its been raised and immediately fobbed off more times than I can remember.. Horrendous CRM Systems
DOS Based Quoting system (in 2016 ...really?)
High and varied Workload with multiple responsibilities including outbound, inbound calls, face to face sales, data imput, admin tasks, you name it ! 
No freedom to even leave your seat to get a cup of coffee without being questioned
No trust to have email (other than internal) or Internet
I earn under £10 per hour following the recent review of pay - This could be increased to a whopping £11 per hour if I achieve the highest performance level - which considering how rediculously complex and demanding the role can be is unlikely
New Business generation is expected with no reward incentive 
Working late nights in the week and Weekend work is required
Outdated and filthy Office with paper files and folders strewn everywhere in the back office
Manager who is literally a cross between David Brent and Orville
Upper Management that I have encountered all seemed to be preparing to exit
All in all, i'll be gone within a month. Your just a number doesn't matter how long or how much you have been there or do!!. Flex is not flexible it is dictated to us when we can take it. Holidays cannot be taken when required. Being forced to work late nights every week alone is not ideal. Knowledge and experience counts for nothing, encouraged by CM to be less helpful and involved with anything that doesn't involve a sale, contrary to the new culture of putting customer at heart of everything we do, sometimes feel totally inept due to poor processes, having customers in front of you and having to read many different scripts from scrappy pieces of paper lying around on your desk or taped to your monitor is unprofessional and makes you look incompetent as well as your desk looking scruffy. If you live far from Manchester very little career progression.. None so far, very good.. Disappointing  HR processes.  After 30 years exemplary loyal service to have just been given a record of improvement because of a 2 day sickness as within the last year have had 2 other absences  ( 1 day and 2 day) unavoidable,  unconnected,  just simply bad luck . Unable to appeal even though still well below expected %sickness level, could mean a very stressful few months ahead dreading any illness in case of possible disciplinary action beyond my control. Have worked many years without a single day off,  some years just 1 day off etc. Gutted.. Spent lots of money on systems that dont work and are now changing them. Should have done better research before installing. Salary has always been poor at Swinton and having read in other reviews the amount of shares divided paid out whilst freezing our pay I am now starting to change my mind about Swinton.. Poor benefits, poor development, poor pay, poor job security, pay freezes, poor decision making at the highest levels which staff pay for, extra stress on existing staff due to redundancies.

Search 'Companies House Swinton Insurance' and look at the bottom of the 2014 financial results. In 2013 we paid out 48p in dividends for each £1 share and in 2014 when they froze our pay and made more redundancies it was 65p in every £1.

In 2014 this totaled £9.8M in dividends whilst all of us are being screwed. Does that tell you enough about what it's like here? Anyone from above care to justify this, you reply to other posts?. Uncertainty of the future. This is my only con. I know I am likely to see my branch merge which will put my role up for redundancy. I was led to believe we would know mid January at the conference, then mid feb and now by the sounds of it by the middle of march. I just want to know so I can plan my future.. After watching the conference and with new management structure in place, I had more confidence about the way the company was going,.After watching people who were clearly involved in malpractice, who bullied there staff for their own ends,get promoted!,moving forward into what was deemed as a more "inclusive" workplace as communicated by those above,somehow now I'm not so sure.I really  believe if honest it will be more of the same, and after the new contracts after working here for over 10 years my trust has gone.Im earning considerably less than I did last year (whilst doing my job in the correct standard and compliantly),and I'm still looking round and the same individuals regardless of their reputation are still making the biggest noise!.Do I believe in this inclusive workplace where diversity,is encouraged,and bullying not tolerated,for the time being I think not.The next few weeks will be interesting to say the least, and whilst I only have a few days to sign my contract I can't see my opinion changing whether I put pen to paper or not.. Like most, waiting to be put out of our misery. Take the money and run..
Can't work with constant uncertainty.
New roles went out recently, everyone of people that had to re-apply for there job, decided against. Now no senior management. Had to beg people to stay for 6 mths, as they didn't expect so many people to take the money and run.
Same will happen again in 2 weeks, people just waiting now. I can't think of any cons at this moment of time. 
Haven't been here long enough there are a lot of changes being made at the company !. Not sure how much I am allowed to fit in here.... i'm bound to miss something but in a nutshell the company is in the stone ages and pays a salary that is only liveable around that era!

in 8 years zero pay rise 3 years out of the 8, when a pay rise was authorised just told "you're getting 2%"......no review or discussion. 2% on a salary already way below market average is just insulting anyway. Joined on a fairly low salary as it was my first job out of university but now after 8 years in various roles, developing skills, committed to the same company they still seem to think that a pay rise that brings the salary in line with the market and recognises that your original salary was only lower due to "lack of experience" can't be done.

The company don't realise that treating your staff like this means you lose the best employees who have vital knowledge and understanding of the business. They should be trying to keep people like this, but it seems they'd rather lose this invaluable experience and bring in new employees with no experience of the business and waste time and resources on training.
Developed skills and knowledge of the company which seem worthless.
"Performance development" brought in to apparantly "assist in pay reviews"..... instead it was just used to score who was made redundant and to be honest i wish i hadn't worked hard on my perfomrance development work because now i wish i had received redundancy.
Constant branch closures, redundancies and poor if any strategy, profits made year on year but no reward passed on, especially to support staff in head office, but yet the shareholders are looked after year on year.
A company that outlines everything wrong with modern corporate society.... its all about the bottom line for the fat cats at the top with no regard for anyone else.
They built up this years conference only to announce that holidays would all be increased to 26 days as standard..... a reward that used to be given to those who had been loyal to the company over 10 years.
I don't work in sales but the sales staff seem to have lost a lot of their incentives but have had their basic pay increased (but below the level they would have received by earning bonus).... Support staff though??? No change, probably no pay reviews again this year as the CFO announced this year is likely to be a loss making year, mind you they still have decided that, it is only February of course..... how can you still not announce if a pay review in a months time will happen or not.

The company is failing, failing as a service provider, failing as an employer, failing as competitor.

Overpriced products
Stone aged strategy (when they have a strategy)
Wasteful spending on IT projects that don't come to fruition where they would be better off spending just a small percentage of that money on rewarding the staff that mean the greedy people at the top can get there massive bonuses and dividends paid out.
A revolving door in the board room and zero visibility of the board, not to mention the poor communication from the top.
A lot of cloak and dagger going on with top level management.

All in all after 8 years service i feel let down, made to feel worthless in my job, and i'm leaving to step in to a job which is less skilled and less challenging but for £7,000 a year more. Its a step back in terms of experience but i'm fed up of doing work which clearly you would get paid a hell of a lot more for anywhere else.

I give the company 5 years at most to survive as it is and to be honest i used to care, right now i'd take a lot of comfort in seeing this company fail.. Head office don't seem to have a clue how to run the company, they will drive out there most experienced staff and be left with people that are happy to stay because they know they won't get much better. There is no clarity on what's happening, it's all been up on the air since October last year. Every question asked at the conference was not answered there was no point in a question and answer session. Most other managers I've spoken too all feel the same, too many changes to keep up with. All we want to know is which branches will be closing and what the truthful pans out for our company.. The communication from on high is terrible. Rumours fly all the time over redundancies and outsourcing. People left in droves in 2015 over that.. After years of upper management inneficiency (FSA fine in the millions) and not looking forward, the only way to save Swinton is by reducing the wage bill of those who try to make the income to save the company. We are told the new wage structure is to reward existing staff by providing a basic wage commensurate to that of new starters.Previous new starters were paid basic salary usually over £18000 , so why have many been given a salary of £17000? . together with the savage ( expected) plunge in bonus my overall income will be below that of 5 years ago with a far higher quality output and workload. We were told this is to reward and keep experienced people . The opposite WILL happen with the good people leaving . The exec guys will probably fail, as will the company but this will no longer bother many, as they will be earning more elsewhere. We should not be punished for the failure of previous attempts to regenerate a large broker network.. Huge let down yet again! Making us sign new contracts before we even know what's happening with the company?! Supposed to have given us more benefits with more holidays but people who have worked for Swinton a long time already have them amount of holidays so just like existing customers who dont get looked after the long service employee's don't either! The meeting for new pay structure was appalling when given your opinion simply been told you know where the door is, absolutely disgraceful attitude to staff! No career prospects and rubbish training and not continuous and been handed a piece of paper to add to your scripts is their training! When the director's get it wrong which has happened plenty of times its the employee's who suffer! No job security.. Don't try and pull the wool over our eyes. The promises made are a smokescreen at best. The changes represent a slap in the face to your key customer facing staff and a widespread pay cut. Even if the company performance is 'outstanding' I can now never achieve the same pay I was obtaining before! In the new pay scheme I stand to lose between 4-6k on the new 'banking' scheme. The new bonus is no way a guarantee. The rewards for over achievement are none now. The company 
Have forced the new contracts on employees without consulting any of the staff and have reduced pay significantly. Career progression again is very limited with managers staying in their role for 10 years plus. So for young enthusiastic staff get as much insurer knowledge as you can then go elsewhere!. Poor benefits package even post 16.1.16. No change for us damaged long time servants. Some of the treatment I've received over the last few years has been truly appalling. 
Continued to be deceived and misled by senior management. Different faces same old story! Check the notice period in the new contracts - 3 months notice for a sales exec is ludicrous and just penalises the long term hardworking faithful employees whilst also reducing their pay and benefits! Shocking treatment however they try to dress it up! The so called quarterly bonus is actually a long term annual bonus and not a bonus at all. I've been mistreated and mismanaged for a good few years now and the latest deliberate attempt to mislead us is the final straw. I like many I've spoke to today are on our way out! The new offer or forced reduction to terms will only lead to the retention of those who don't care and have never strived to perform - the real performers have been shafted and all incentive taken away. Feel like we have no choice now. A clear message received and understood. Myself and many at an all time low and have just been insulted today.. So many changes . No job security. Just waiting for the announcement of the branch closures as next part of the restructure.. No it is an excellent company so there are no downsides with the company.. Well I hate to say that I have lost confidence not only in myself but the future. I love my job but I can honestly say Im scared what my future is. Every day you hear of someone else gone, bonus each month gone due to fails , which has never happened to me before I can't afford to loose £300 plus, now that confident person I was has disappeared and I am scared I too will be pushed out
I have supported every change and in 10 years I have seen many, but this one ???. There are no downsides that concerned me, I enjoyed my tour around Swinton Insurance. Don't tell their staff anything ! They know about branch closures well in advance and don't tell their staff until the last minute , then don't keep you updated , you are forced to lie to customers about your branch not closing for them then to send out a letter the day before there branch closes to tell the customer !. Poor systems, some  regional managers who give nothing to swinton but expect large remuneration for bringing nothing to the performance of the branches. Swinon can't implement a change very well, poor staff training,  
sales executive blamed when something goes wrong. Swinton then penalise your bonus, take money from you whilst hiding behind customer experience.
Don't expect to be treated fairly when it comes to pay rises, I have had 2 pay rises on 5 years but because the regional manager decides how much you get, that's if the pay rises haven't been frozen, unless your face fits don't expect to be treated equally. Definitely regional managers only look after each other and how they can protect each other. Poor attitude to staff, kept in dark over what's happening to be business, once again it looks like more redundancies on the way, but won't own up to it. Already had pay freeze and also bonuses drastically cut, then swinton find ways to penalise bonuses and take money away from you.. The overall benefits package isn't great especially the holiday entitlement.
Over the last 10-12 months there has been a period of unsettling change, promotion and training budget freezes have been a barrier to progression.
Many companies now support their employees attending or speaking at events and actively encourage them to raise their own profile in the technology community as well as the companies. Unfortunately this is not something Swinton have been doing over the last year, although this last week there are signs this might be changing.. There is far too much of a divide between senior management and middle management the exco team want customer focused sales and service but middle management just care about the figures the way some people are treated in the company is disgusting. 
The systems have been renewed but with all the money spent is still very basic and very unreliable we are in the 21st century systems should not be failing at least once a week. 
The work load compared to staff is ridiculous and if you don't have time to finish and you go home your made to feel bad it's not all about the outgoing calls! The incoming is just as important. 
There is no recognition for hard work unless your hitting the right figures yet we are told it's about service not sales. 
Far too many changes to company procedure and scripts usually on a weekly basis and these are not added to the system but handed on piece of paper to read from and if missed or forgot could impact your pay. 
There was far too much uncertainty around job roles and the way forward for swinton and staff kept in the dark yet managers who's branches sold well we're taken away for a weekend but the execs that got them to that position what did they get?
Not being able to receive emails from clients in regards to policies is terrible again this is the 21st century and the company needs to recognise this all the insurers use email with their clients why can't Swinton sending a fax was like 10 years ago.. uncertain future due to current changes in the company, not the greatest of benefits package. The business has no direction and we are again under threat from redundancies (currently threat 2 in the same 6 month period) despite a healthy profit (£20million). Too many chiefs, too much design by committee, no one person able to make a decision. Swinton are due to fall from grace with an epic bump any time now. The past 12 months here has been absolute hell and things will only get worse as our new captain steers the Swinton version of the titanic into an iceberg of epic proportions. I'm a professional, get me out of here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Poor senior management, internet routinely monitored, SSL split locally, poor office environment,on call is assumed, very much an "us and them" attitude.. Constantly being bullied if your face doesn't fit or if you have been there a few years.. Some of the work is highly managed due to the nature of the regulations in the industry so it does take a while to learn about the processes for customer facing sections of the business.

The insurance industry as a whole is a very encompassing thing, once you are taught technical knowledge on products etc its hard to apply it to anything outside of the industry. 

Swinton is a well known brand, obviously this can sometimes come with customer preconceptions of what we are like to deal with. We are actually personable and friendly people.. Sometimes operational employees aren't consulted on practices. Management attitudes and behaviours is shocking. Shameful and embarrassing. No confidentiality and too much talking and not enough action.. No Cons as of now. non that i can see so far.. Far too many calls bought into the business, making the inbound role akin to doing outbound at times.
Slowly reducing the amount of commission available, used to be able to achieve in excess of £1000 per month.. The side benefits for non senior manager are extremely poor and miles off industrial standard. Holidays and its company pension scheme both at legel minimum level (20 days and 2% pension). There are no bonus scheme for non senior manager roles which I found very unfair and I am sure a bonus scheme will sure improve the productivities of the company. (Since at the end of the day is us the non manager that actually impairments all your 'big plan'.)

Finally I also find it unfair that senior manager get 25 days of holiday compare to 20days to non senior managers. (This is equivalent to a 2% pay dificit to all non senior manager).

So for job seekers please make sure you fight for an as high as possible base salary before accepting a Swinton Job offer as its side benefit are very very poor.. Benefits package is poor e.g maternity pay and holidays which would probably become a bigger concern to me long term. However I think this is something that is currently being reviewed.. commuting can be a nightmare if your on an early shift especially if your driving!. It can sometimes be frustrating the time things take to get done. No cons as of yet. No cons, a fantastic year with many great memories. Bloated procedures: Processes are upto 4x more lengthy and complex than our competitors. We are keeping customers on the phone far too long just reading endless lengthy scripts and then having to attempt to sell add ons after taking 15 minutes to process a straight renewal. Compare this to our competitors who seem a lot slicker and more time efficient.

Threats from management: You will see from the other reviews this is an ongoing problem at Swinton. When they do try to change they soon revert to type. Over zealous call monitoring, performance management, threatening disciplinary, all over used when coaching and time investment in people is needed trying to have one size cap to fit all isn't good management,neither is making staff feel they will lose their job if they don't get every call perfect. Customers ringing up for a quick query don't want bombarding with additional products.

Understaffed and under pressure: A lot of staff off stress, good people leaving. Staff turnover has become a running joke. This is a combination of working conditions, the above management issues, poor incentive scheme, small or nil wage growth and making the job overly complex we are sat with scripts on the system and further paper scripts on our desks. The management should have a try sometime !. Only con is getting a call 3 minutes before the end of the day and end up staying behind a few minutes to upto an hour or more depending on what you are dealing with and not getting paid for it or even getting the time back on another day.. Having only just joined the company I have no experienced any short falls of the working life here at Swinton, I believe I will not experience any either.. No cons come to mind. I cant say there are that many cons to working in the national commercial center, as mentioned previously I think swinton is a fantastic company to work for. However one thing i belive there is room to improve on is Branch Refferals, when recieving a call from a branch I tend to get alot of blind transfers which on some occastions I am unable to quote. Due to this I think the customer journey is becoming longer then nessaray and sometimes customers express their frustration about being passed from diffrent departments. to improve this I think it would be a good idea the put a secure process in place for the branches to recive commision on transfer, such as centain details must obtained before transfering, branches must not blind transfer and also must stay on the phone untill they reach the appropriate person. in order to ensure this is adered too I think it would be a good idea to put something in place to track there refferals. if this is improved i think it would make the customer experience much shorter and much more proffestional.. There is seriously nothing bad that I can say.. office's could do with being updating and better training on internal systems.. Head office is a bit of a dated environment. Managers don't really have a clue, just a feeling that they are winging it. In terms of opportunities to progress further in the department these are limited. With the current progression scheme they expect loads of extra work in return in a year's time you might earn an extra £500 per year but then if you do even more work on top of your job it goes to £1000 per year paid as a monthly bonus which if you don't keep up with the extra work can be taken off you after six months.Due to recent redundancies there will be no pay review this year and the Head of Department doesn't see any next year. Also I would take all the positive reviews with a pinch of salt; due to large numbers of staff leaving we are currently on a massive recruitment drive which pretty much ties in with all the positive reviews that have started appearing; if things were that great why is staff retention so low? People may leave for different reasons but not all around the same time. In terms of progression all managers have been recruited externally not from within and that says it all. The benefits package could be better but I understand this is something which is being reviewed,. Signifcant change in the last 6 months which unfortunately led to redudancies and difficult working conditions. This will hopefully benefit the company longer term resulting in more stability.. With all the changes there have been some recent downsides such as a pay freeze and redundancies in Support Services areas.. Industry moves often and it is important to have a working knowledge of the regulator and industry practices. no neagtives to say here. We have gone through a period of change and change often disrupts the workplace.. Real lack of commuication of any substance and the intranet is very dated which doesn't help. Comms are keen on producing videos that are hard to play/hear on the IT equipment.

Holidays are rubbish also.. As mentioned there have been massive changes in the past year some unfortunate ones that meant redundancies.
Also in some areas of the business there needs to be review on salary where we need to be more in line with the current job market.. Management team not effecient as the decisions are unpredictable, they want to merge teams and they do not.  Sometimes it really painful. Have made redundancies /cost cutting exercise 
Need to look at further engagement  with graduates 
Salary reviews in areas need to take place. Where the hell do I start? If you want to work for a company that bullies, intimidates and has absolutely no support for its staff then this is the company for you!!

I have worked there 8 + years and thankfully found alternative employment. I have been moved about from pillar to post, worked hours that have ranged from finishing at 5.30 to some nights not getting in the house Til after 10pm due to the fact branch employees were not allowed to leave at the end of the month until told to do so ( this has now been capped to 8pm ) and was told on several occasions that if we didn't like it we knew where the door was, no one holds a gun to our heads and asks us come in everyday, I don't think the companies we pay are bills to see it the same way when they wouldn't get paid. 

The company claims to pride itself on putting the customer at the heart of everything it does, this is a slogan dreamt up by someone in head office that has probably been paid a lot of money and so out of touch with reality that they've forgotten how to pull their head out of their backside. 

Also 1 important thing to note is if your face fits then you'll go far!!. Constant lies, pay freeze, dropping incentives, poor staff welfare concern and feedback,. Salary's in some cases are below market rates, holiday allowance below average (20 days per annum), not much flexibility in working hours.. Senior management who seem to have given up caring and make completely illogical decisions
Most people will only work their contracted hours and not one second more , so deadlines are almost always missed - even management and senior management
Low staff morale and lots of absence
Lots of contractors and consultants so often a lack of continuity. Contractor opinion is not heard. Poor Management 
Underhand operations between employees and managers
Lots of red tape. Poor management, No chance of Promotion, very little to no training, The agent is made to do the work that team leaders should be, poor customer service as not full focused on improving this or providing training, unnecessary punishment of staff and arguing. Toxic atmosphere.. constant change can be unsettling but understand the need to get this business where it needs to be .. New incentive scheme has massively reduced bonus achieved and penalised far too long for simple human error. 50% bonus reduction for something that happened 4 month ago is ridiculous and demoralising.. leadership, work-life balance not taken into account at all, leaders who don't care about their staff only their sales no matter what the cost.. My only gripe is about the number of holidays - 20 per year is the standard and I know I can buy more (up to 10) but it feels a bit basic - 23 would be better.. None at this stage of the process. I asked this company for help and they forced me to find another job! I became seriously ill working for them for 4 years. When I left I never even got a thank you! Customers are definitely not put at the heart of everything, if they were they would let them contact their local branch not a random branch of Swintons choosing! If you want to work in a micromanaged mini call centre then by all means work for them!. -Heavily focused on sales over customer service
-Inexperienced and unprofessional team leaders 
- Very high staff turnover due to unobtainable targets. Senior Managers were only interested in making figures look good on paper. HR department didnt have a clue what they were talking about. Call Centre Manager was terrible at his job and thought he knew everything when infact he knew very little about what he was doing. Customer Service Manager, had to conduct interviews to make some Managers redundant and 90% of the selection process was based on figures which had been manipulated to ensure that the Manager they wanted to remain scored better than the rest of us who were made redundant. I could go on for ever.. Management need to appreciate staff more, it's the small gestures that can make all the difference, for example birthday and christmas cards, being recognised for the effort put into achieving results.
Double standards with management.. the cons for me are only minor things such as the commuting distance from my house and sometimes how busy it gets and even the workload I have undertaken. but hey I chose my job role. I personally didn't find any cons while working for Swinton. Awful customer service.
Rip off merchants.
Promotion and longevity of employment based more on who you know rather than what you know.
A dying high street broker. Just go online, miles cheaper.
Double standards when it comes to internal rules and regulations.. The annual pay increase is generally low.. The salaries and benefits could be better (although they are better than some companies!) and recent changes within the business have been a little unsettling.. The Rest of the management is terrible, horrific, without a doubt the worst place I have ever worked. You are not allowed to go to the toilet, The management bully you they made many of my colleagues cry with the pressure that they put on them. I ended up walking after 2 days on the phone.. A shame that people weren't honest in the management team of the Inbound Call Centre and HR.. Rude management team
little to no chance of progression- one guy been there 2 years and won't make him seniors sales consultant as they would have to pay him more, he knows the job like the back of his hand.

high turn over Of staff- in my training group there was 6 people NOW after only 2 month it's down to 1 person, due to people leaving for lack of training and poor and rude management.. tough targets, therefore overtime is expected by management 
strict typical call centre rules, timekeeping and sickness especially
shift work and weekend work. * Insufficient and impractical training
* Support from managers is limited to letting you know your monthly goals and every now and then listening to one of your calls and give you feedback
* Incredible strict quality control makes you a robot
* Customer service line does not work on weekends, hence you as a sales agent end up talking to a lot of angry customers who hate swinton because they don't offer customer service when they need it. more room for selp progression in telesales. The salary could be better. Lots and lots of frustrating red-tapes. Too much reliance on external consultancy, poor coding habits amongst the consultants which will take an awfully long time to bring it up to the standard, senior management in the technology wing lacks vision and technical knowledge. Devops is still in their very early stage.. Low pay, the last 2 managers were horrible hence left. Excessive Workload. Always playing catch up as there is always more to do.. Technology is behind although this is not unlike many other competitors but there is a tangible investment being made in redressing this. 

There can be red tape to get through to get things done but when the business commits to an initiative, there is a true entrepreneurial attitude to pushing this forward. The business is aware of the red tape and actively aiming to resolve this but as is often the case, these things can take time.. Pay and progression opportunities. Very complex organisation. no con what so ever. Highly regulated industry with hurdles. money work environment boss pay. Long hours during financial reporting periods. I dont think there are many. Bad communication from top management. London office isnt ideal, IT is behind. I really do not have any to share at this time.. The company is becoming more political with individual agendas trumping doing the right thing.. Lots of firefighting for BAU roles. No cons for this job. Bad behaviour isn’t always dealt with which is incredibly frustrating.. Customer Service, Telephone work, Can be repetative. I can't think of any at the moment. None I can think of. Performance management - work timings. Working hours too long, not compensated. - They sell you the dream within the interview of career development, then offer little support when you start.
- Salaries are low.
- Salary grades are different for Admin & Contact staff in contact centers however there’s no consistency with some teams being classed as admin but spend the majority of the time on the phone but only get paid an admins salary.. lot of lip service to staff well being. They say we want to help staff, they get given a lot of practical suggestions. They offer 1 free yoga session to be used only in your lunch break. In finance it’s hard to get up the chain into senior leadership there and regardless of skills, shining reviews, outstanding performance etc, restructures set people back year in year out, which is pretty awful; there’s a lot of competition from Group finance who are markedly more visible to leadership, so opportunities there is fairly static and staid. You just have to see how long people stay “finance managers” before becoming heads. Some 10 years, (reshuffled, relearn, reestablish, outperform, only to be displaced due to restructure to start all over again). When that happens to the superstars, you know there are issues. 

It’s poorly paid as well. For a FTSE it’s shocking. It’s not until you leave that you realise how bad the pay grades are. Pigeonholed in Finance, in middle management, during the most important time of your career to diversify and grow.

I left, took a seniority cut in different sector, (a charity at that) earning £10,000k more + 20% bonus, was promoted in new role within 6 months. Within a year promoted again as a head in FP&A and Business Improvements. So after pouring heart and soul into that company, to earn peanuts for 7 years at L&G as a high performing Finance Manager, within 4 years of leaving, 2 companies later, I’m now an Operations Director, with loads more experience and on track for a fulfilling career doing what I do best.

I interviewed at legal and general a couple years back in Hove. Unsurprisingly it seemed the world had stopped going back there. Even the tech and ways of working were the same. (Which filled me with dread given how much the world had advanced with MS Teams/interview techniques/tablets etc) I realised it’s a leviathan and will take tens of years to change process and senior leadership. It’s stifling. Systems are still same, ways of working are backward and unsurprisingly, I found myself questioning why I’d want to work there again after tasting what “excellent” looks and feels like.

Quite stark. That industry really grabs a person and pins them in place.

Training opportunities and courses are archaic too.. Outdated systems and siloed departments. no promotions for employees that have experience. career development is hard to achieve. -Bit slow on decision making 
-Hard no progression. Nothing that I'm aware of. Goood team work all good. no career development, low salary. They are far too conservative and paternalistic. Management have very little knowledge of the jobs that frontline staff do and will micromanage to the bone
No opportunity for self-development - incoming calls always do and always will take priority
A serious lack of training and staff means you can never complete your own work, but you'll instead be loaned to other teams indefinitely. Incredibly busy - all the time
Teams not aligned across the business
Office building is awful 
Frustrating systems and processes. managers have favourites
progression has unnecessary hoops and boundaries. Large organisation that is sometimes "sleepy". Too much pressure work home life balance non existent. lots of extra hours near the end of the year. Too big so has the usual problems. Poor direction from management 
Not a strong team environment 
No real benefits. Being made redundant when they closed the office. Shift work, promotion is for friends first rather than experience. Previously not very flexible with working hours but since lockdown it's improved. poor team management from senior manager. Lack of development 
Not much progression. •Lack of opportunities for promotion
•It’s about who you know in there
•Unrealistic work loads & targets
•Lack of care for people’s mental well being especially if they are working from home (especially in the department I work in Member Helpine). Doesn’t do enough to progress staff. Job not so stimulating overall. None thus far, very happy. Can get stuck in the same role for a while. Terrible CEO
Not a meritocracy - other people take credit for your work. No negative comments  working for this employer. Very few although little chance of promotion. I cannot fin any cons for the company. Office is old and. Lacks facilities. Long hours, salaries, filled in empty positions. Large differences in salary all of the place. Want to be successful it’s best to be recruited by your boss. If you are ‘inherited’ you either move roles or ship out - a lot of without prejudice conversations. Ageism rife.. Company can be too focused on how to spin the message rather than actually fixing issues .
Senior management exhibit a macho culture but don’t always collaborate well outside their own silos. Really can't think of any.. None I can think of right now. Work life balance difficult to manage at times. Job security is not great. Awful culture, management is a joke, lack of structure. Sometimes slow to change but improved in recent years. No issues, just need to look at IT. Benefits cut slightly in downturns, but still good.
Group have a lot of control from Divisional leads.
Spend too much money on contractors & Big 4.. none, amazing company, cannot fault them. Slow salary increases to be expected. Slow progression, repetitive activities and not much flexibility. pigeon holed, promotions there are few, boring, shared service centre.. Management model not the best for transition.. No pay progression or career development. Development opportunities don’t always seem accessible, not much representation. Lots of pressure, sometimes very long working hours. can be busy depending on team. Change can be slow, lots of red tape and bureaucracy to get through. Set frameworks to follow that change every few years and don't allow for creativity.. Behind the times, slow to innovate. Possibly salary
Can get tied up in excess paperwork.. parking can be an issue at site. nothing really bad to say. Tough to move up, Union is always in your face and on your desk. Unexciting salaries, difficult to achieve step change pay awards, bureaucratic treacle.. Shame we are in Covid and cannot really bond as a team or company. Can be stressful due to the fast pace.. only ok some of the time ok. Low pay 
Lack of communication. Type of work not diverse enough. As with every large company I have worked for, there are people in much better paid positions than myself, doing a lot less work.. Career opportunities can be limited. I don't have any. Every place has its own challenges. It's normal. No cons or disadvantages found yet. Middle management should go as it obstructs the working progress. Honestly there were few if not no cons. Poor pay for poor work. They have slower technological developments. Very stressful job and no chances of progression. Nothing to highlight as concerns there. Not bad
Employees are very friendly 
Employers are good. Work to do to modernise processes and some aspects of IT.. Salary below market and a lot of bureaucracy and processes. IT could be better, this is commonly acknowledged and work is underway to improve it, however it seems to have been an issue for the two years I have worked there so progress is slow.

Diversity and Inclusion could be improved but again the company is well aware of this and is acting to change it. Not a good salary for the expectations of work. Subsidised lunch in the office cafeteria. Hostile, sexist place to work. No career progression at this company. Not much collaboration between business areas.. Little progression and poor compensation. Management could get lost in small details and not see the bigger picture.. HR have regimented boxes for categorising your job and hence pay. There are many systems so phone calls and first contact emails can end up being passed round many departments.. no cons to working here. Systems are infuriatingly slow
Some changes take ages to go through, others are done with no notice
Lack of support from other teams outside the helpline itself. Resistance to change when it comes to improving some of the company's processes. There were no bad points. LGR IT is run by a bunch of clueless buffoons. They will be found out eventually.. can't think of any apart from working with EG. I can't think of any!. Group IT is a shambles. There are some very strong personalities who make it a toxic working environment. People regularly have to work long hours with impossible deadlines. There is a strong blame culture and teams don't really talk to each other. They talk about collaborative working and have all sorts of collaborative tools but that is all pointless if people won't speak to each other and work together.. Too target driven
Too much micromanagement. lack of investment in technology, little bit silo driven. Archaic, really slow systems, website needs to update every couple of weeks, not good team leader(s) as majority of them give no constructive feedback only criticism & not much appreciation.. Sometimes too much focus on business and no enough on people. They don't pay the best compared to other companies. Too much workload and can be overwhelming sometimes. cliques, favourites, poor management, repetitive. No support from senior management, distinct lack of opportunity. There is a hierarchical structure even when they claim they don't have one - Technology is outdated. Unfortunately, Group IT is at infancy stage of developing Governance & Structure from Portfolio reporting side. None that I have experienced. Large business divisions can be slow to make decisions.. Lack of leadership and a lot of internal politics.. That I was made redundant but things move on.. Non stop overtime and hostile management.. There are no downsides working for legal and general. Could be better for progression. Sometimes it’s busy on the phone. Pay is average at junior levels. heavy workload for low pay.. I cant think of any.. Parking can be a problem.. Old PCs, Old Phones, Office was a bit dusty. working in an environment honestly comes down.. Salaries could be higher, quite frankly.. Tricky to move internally as limited internal vacancies. Sometimes honesty from management is lacking. Most senior leadership looks their personal goals first, employees come after. But this is nothing unusual. Contractors not treated well anymore.. poor IT infrastructure, hierarchical structure,. Offices aren't facilitated to the best level. Having cases which are hard to break and also helping people who ultimately dropped the case. it can feel slow moving and you need to run through hoops to progress work. Opportunities and prospects depend on function and your manager. None so far as I have only been in employment for less than a year. Telephone calls constant
- admin role. Very corporate, low bonuses, micro managers. Not the most exciting of products. One line manger I had was a nightmare micromanager. Not much room for progression. Focus on making business lean meant huge shift in culture and steer away from looking after loyal workers.. Poor management of bullying issues. Can't think of any cons.. Approachability of exec board team reduced over the years.. Often dealing with difficult customers. no clear career path. Hire lots of consultants to do interesting work and leave their own staff behind. Bonus structure is poor, have to put everyone in the bottom end of the scale to make the maths work. Seems to be a lot of disposing of non-critical business and cost savings from the top management.. Still needs to continue its journey to update legacy systems, the various UK offices and divisions sometimes feel siloed as opposed to working together and of course pockets of poor senior management who can really impact the benefits above (although every company has a small proportion of these types of senior managers). There is also an element of who ever speaks louder and with most conviction will get promoted and do well irrespective of ability, both technical and soft skills.. Slow to change and act. Old fashioned in their ways and systems.. Lots of change.  Pushing hard to move away from old approaches but restricted in ability to delete legacy technology. Lacks diversity.
"Face fit" culture.
Sexist promotion practices.
Predominantly male management. 
Women bullied into leaving after being denied promotions.
Sexism, racism and homophobia from ignorant managers.
Bullying exists despite HR policy on anti-bullying.. Honestly can not think of any!. Some legacy structures holding back progress.. Shift work and badgered all the time if not quick enough. hardly any progression within the business. successthe IT infrastructure, it is getting better but the IT support is convoluted and painful. Slow change culture on occasion. management,  salary, no appreciation for committed and-or  hard workers. Not flexible working hours, but this is only specific to the Agent Enquiries team.. Hours can be restricted depending on department and role. However my role has flexibility.. None at the moment, and that’s being honest.. None I can think of. Typical big company "left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing" communication problems but issues always dealt with well when such problems came up

Lots of new people meant that skills shortages/work bottlenecks were a problem. Imagine this is much improved now. A small cog in group function. Training and support and be sporadic, Saturdays 9-5 every 3 weeks, once specialised can be difficult to negotiate holiday, cliquey environment (but still predominantly friendly), currently very stats based (kpi) performance based.. Always restructuring
Canteen marginally over priced. Main system is rubbish! meaning loads of customer complaints due to long call que waits, loads of system work arounds, hard to book holiday, depends on your skill set and how many people have the same skill set as you. A lot of staff have left so more work load. Poorly run from Senior Management.. Unclear management strategy
Way too many meetings to get bau tasks done. Pay is not the greatest. Incompetent workforce from top to bottom. No leadership or knowledge from the Directors which trickles down throughout the organisation. Commitment in recruiting a diverse workforce into all areas. Senior management are useless, soulless and self serving.. Not sure yet. Will update later. works with ancient legacy systems. Hierarchy, discrimination, lack of respect. Not great work culture
Heavy workload. Lower pay than other people. Annual cost cutting redundancies creates negative environment.
Actuarial assumptions being pushed to limits to squeeze every last drop of operating profit.. Slightly old fashioned in some ways. Continuous emphasis on working overtime to complete tasks within target times.. No progression, no moral as it’s under staffed and everyone is stressed. Hotdesking, IT infrastructure, bureaucracy, parental leave. Not much exposure once you stay in a team for too long.. There are No real cons about working here. Systems and IT is a bit behind the times but they’re slowly catching up.
Some Decision making can be slow due to hierarchy.. Always changing direction
Poor technology. Management too numbers driven and individually is lost and not appreciated. Bit of an old boys club. corporate, progression opportunities and career. Pay and bonuses are somehow below peers. Employees are not valued as they should be.. IT can be a nightmare, contacting 4040 can be a pain. -So much bureaucracy. It's difficult to get things done if you don't know the right people.
-There's a lot of problems but no clear strategy on how to fix them.
-Teams work in silos with poor collaboration
-No induction when you start, you'll end up struggling with computers/telephones at first before you can start work.
-The IT infrastructure is frustratingly poor.. Still building my knowledge of the business... haven't seen any cons yet!. Large organisation with slow moving parts. Working here is what it must have been like in the 80s, blindly taking instructions from an autocratic boss then being blamed when unsurprisingly results can’t be met. 

The motley crew management team are inconsistent in approach and reactively change direction frequently, there doesn’t seem to be any accountability or learning from mistakes.

Products are heavily supplier dependent with very slow release cycles. Agile and digital are simply marketing concepts with most systems still on antiquated platforms.. Office building (moving to new building in 2020). Selling to lv in gi. Not the best basic remuneration. Too much travel 
Contractors over permanent. Silos in management and middle management are there as a result of time served which means some are less accountable and responsible. Requires significant investment in IT systems, its personnel and a change back to focus on customer experience. Not an international organisation and no presence in asia. None that I can think of. It would be great if L&G could provide more office treats. Worst job i ever had. Left me with poor mental health because of the lack of care management had for their staff. Impossible targets to reach, extra work with no extra pay. Abuse from customers, again management not caring. All they care about is their profits and performance, not their staff or customers.. Very busy
Benefits aren't great but are getting better.. Not much help in training and courses 
Salary below average. Expecting to put in above and beyond more than other colleagues within same area. Some areas carry others. Some of the business areas can operate as silos, and there is an opportunity for more best practice across the organisation. none, love working for them. Very cliquey culture 
Changing strategy constantly
Divisional CEO is ineffective and appears to be bullied by the Board. Company is ruled effectively by 2 Board Directors who override the CEO's decisions.
One day we love our external partners, the next we're restricting our appetite for them to trade with us.  Embarrassing and unprofessional for the teams who deal with our external partners 
Customer service function which is good but too many changes and lots of temporary staff.
An HR function that is the worst I've ever experienced.
Senior /Exec level Managers that are not worthy of their titles but have them because they are either pally with the CEO or been there a very long time
Never worked anywhere before where you get so much run around from department Managers who won't own what is clearly their responsibility 
Managers need to grow a backbone and be more collaborative. There is bias and discrimination. The l&g group always hire white people in the company secretarial function. On the investment management side, it is fine. I guess at group level it has to be white only!. None that I can think of. Priorities are naturally changing in any organisation but the pace that this occurs sometimes is hard to keep up with.. Project work is rushed without considering knock on effects.. None for our area, my only issue is that some of the benefits we used to enjoy have been taken away from us but this was a company wide decision and not reflective of the area I work for.. Group structure can be frustrating. Not a company for someone who struggles to adapt to change and working at pace. Management really are terrible, they treat you like a battery hen, staff are numbers not people, no real understanding of work/life balance.
It’s who you know not what you know here. Managers favour certain people. 
Unite union have had more complaints about group than any other section in Hove.
You can tick all the right boxes in the carer development and to get a decent bonus but then even if you have ticked all the right boxes managers just over rule your bonus targets and mark you down.
Managers have complaints against them for bullying, and sexual harassment but nothing really happens to them as this continues to happen.. IT needs a lot of improvement but that is being looked at. It is a traditional financial services company that is making changes to be more current.. IT is still quite poor but strategy in place to have this rectified by next year - can see the company is investing massively in IT. Nothing to add so far. There are not many opportunities for growth unless if you are interested in managerial positions. Younger people tend to be turned down for more senior roles due  to 'lack of experience', which is then not given to them in their day-to-day roles. Besides that, systems and technology are very out-dated and any kind of improvements take years to implement.. Can be easy to get trapped in the slow lane in certain areas. Need to have a good internal network to hear about and get the best opportunities. Lot's of changes over the past 4 years, senior leadership moving around and strategic direction changed, so a great deal of uncertainty and almost constant restructures.. They do annual reviews but have opinions on you already. Don't want to rate too many too high as bonus would be unaffordable.. If you worth it,  you are supported to progress within the company, however the structure changes lead to redundancies which make you feel you need to keep up  more with the market's demands.. Company has a overarching emphasis on the very top talent, sometimes to the detriment to the rest of the workforce.. Closure of their Kingswood office.. The closer a role  gets to the top of the more the more the role holder seems to develop a toxic personality and an outlook of self preservation.
Passive aggressive leadership
Relatively high turnover of people for a big company.
More cases of stress related absence than witnessed anywhere else in career.. Legal and General do not care about their Staff they care about their Share holders. Poor work environment and culture of bullying and face does not fit.
No support or clear career progression offered.
Poor senior management direction and lack of control over culture and work environment.
Too many temporary staff compared to permanent staff. Short term view no clear vision or delivery of results. The company is continuously cutting staff to streamline its business. This evokes a negative working environment because of the unsettling nature.. Poor behaviour  (including selfish, bullying, aggressive behaviour) of some members of senior management is not dealt with.  There is no upward feedback and high turnover in teams is ignored.. Small cog in  a large wheel. Like many large employers, places too much reliance on behavioural psychology.. Senior management would benefit from listening to staff more. None that can think of. Managers can be too afraid to leave you to do your work, systems
long days and sliding shift patterns. Bonus/promotion structure not overly clear.
Seems to be in a process of constant change.
Some aspects of IT could be more up to date - particularly hardware.. - lack of training
- unpaid overtime. no much training given when taking over a new role and some managers are not very helpful/supportive. This is an incredibly "clicky" place to work, progression is difficult and you have to fight for it - if you're friends with the boss you may be lucky but it's certainly not given on merit. It's also very hierarchical with the grades above taking credit for the hard work of the lower grades.  There's frequent bullying that happens on a regular basis mostly by senior management who feel that it's their right to put people down instead of raise them up. There is also varying degrees of unfair treatment between staff. The l&g website is a joke and the technological support which operates outside of the UK is horrendous. They stretch their staff to their limit in many departments and have awful sickness rates mostly due to the poor culture the Cardiff office operates within.. - Management is truly shocking from the very top (ceo & board) downwards. Head of departments have no clue how the business runs which filters through to management. The blind leading the blind. 
- Awful IT systems and IT contact centre based outside uk so language barrier doesn’t help
- No commercial experience meaning management don’t know what to do and are not aligned with the market. 
- Don’t care about customer experience or company perception. 
- Nobody takes responsibilities or is confronted for their actions.. No major negative feedback to detail.. L&G keeps selling parts of the business off, leading to lower job security.. The usual observations: some of the office locations could do with revamping, IT can be a bit clunky but nothing particularly unusual or insurmountable.. Usual FS legacy systems issues - have more work to do in making sure it is easy for employees to do their jobs.. Well.... Where to start....

1) Micro Management is insane, it is not productive or helpful.  Every thing you do is timed and given a deadline to the second (I am not joking).

2) General lack of motivation or incentives. Lifeless.

3) The computer programmes and macros are constnatly breaking and out of date by about 17years.

4) Training leaves alot to be desired.

SSDD.. Snap decisions by management 
sickness policy lead to warnings after just 3 days of sick or two occasions in a year.
Team leaders/managers have no idea what their staff do becuase they are "people managers" 
Call taking teams treated like crap, given unachivable targets and KPIs and then scorned by management as bad employess for failing to meet them.. Constant business change with little consideration of employee wellbeing, numerous instances of panic business decisions which have impacted morale. not competitive compared to similar roles. None I can think of. Parking at Hove office, loss of staff after head office closure. The working conditions are awful. Changes to the company Senior Management around 5-6 years ago meant that people felt like they were working for a different company and felt like a number rather than a person with career progression in mind.. Changing focus from traditional financial services. Mostly focused on the UK. Some areas/managers treat you like a child, salaries are low compared to competitors,  Kingswood office closed down.  No career opportunities   to advance unless you apply internally.  No private medical insyurance for grades 1-4.. Hierarchical, very yes management and lacks diversity. Terrible management team with no leadership skills in General Insurance. Company gone back 15 years.. None, awesome place to work.. Micromanagement, board out of touch with the actual workers. Salary is good but can do better. Pace of change can be slow - can be very risk averse. Often very silo minded, incredibly difficult to get different business areas to work together for a common goal.There have been lots of redundancies over the years due to changing business goals/restructures.. Like most large companies things happen slowly sometimes. Lots of restructuring exercises these days and some seem not achieving anything. Some managers are very mediocre.. Hard work area life age. Company, has a mishmash of people chasing promotions. So much so it feels often like a political minefeild. I often had work bottled neck to inflate my colleagues figures in comparison to mine. While my line manager didnt want anything to do with actually managing me. Often holding private meetings to discuss colleagues and gossop

The company is so out of touch technologically they are still passing multiple spread sheets around via email. While members of the ICT department do their best to ensure they dont become obsolete by actively blocking strides to improve efficiencies. - Too much stripping back has taken place.  Most staff are being asked to deliver far too much with too little time and not enough support.
- Company leadership is detached from the middle management and below.  Staff on the ground have a very different understanding of how the company operates compared to the perception the CEO and his reports have.
- Lack of investment in staff to develop and retain good people.
- The switch of cultures, from a steady financial services provider to a fast paced multi-faceted organisation, has been and continues to be uncomfortable. If your Asian or Oriental then don't expect to be promoted to senior management level.. Lack of promotion in some areas. Often people need to leave to move up. Lack of formal development.. Constant changes, no time to embed on facet before it is relegated to the side and move on to the next.. No career progression.
Uncompetitive salary; moved to do same job but for a different insurer and salary went up by 40%. Same benefits and closer to home. 
No gender equality; still favours men for senior roles.
You have to be a 'yes' person and do what you're told. Too much politics. Those that are straight talking don't go far; they get stuck in middle management.. No adult to Adult culture in most departments, Management focuses on selected few favourites, rather than over all team development, which has resulted in a large turnaround of staff.. The pay, you all do the same job for different amounts because some people know how to play the system 
The description is a lie they do not do 'case management' you are a claims handler in a call centre and treated as such 
The hours are a lie you work lates often and Saturdays often and they make it impossible to swap 
They act like there is loads of progression but there is absolutely none what so ever 
Cannot keep good staff and the few they have are so desperate to look good they throw others under the bus or create pointless feedback for their own development. Obstructive pay increase schemes. This does fall with your manager to a degree, but someone performing very well will be better off moving on than trying to negotiate more pay.. Limited opportunity for progression in most of the risk functions. Senior management, elusive, aloof, mightier than thou types who know the price of everything and the value of nothing.Will force "cost down" decisions on trivial things such as i don't know.......the systems that run everything and will keep legacy systems from the 80's.I genuinely don't know how this company hasn't suffered a massive data breach, it has to be seen to be believed.They are at least on a par with the NHS, yes a massive financial institution like this! Projects are like a course on how not to do things, feel for PM's who are being asked the impossible. Everything a is finger in the air guess for timelines"two weeks feels about right". - Patronising to full-time contractors and treated as junior.
- A lot of politics which makes impossible to perform the job well.
-Senior management loves the sound of its own voice.
-The sort of company that you need to agree and shut up to everything.
-Zero innovation 
-Project managers very unprepared. I couldn't stress this enough.
-Company culture non-existent.. Very profit focused and not enough focus given to their employees and customers.  They try to do things at the lowest cost but this leads to problems.. slow decision making and a lot of politics. Terrible management structure. It's not clear who is in charge. I.e duplicate department with similar names. Heads of this and that which sound like the same job. 

Lack of strategic direction operationally. 

Awful and obstructive IT.  

Lots of talking, little action.

Systems well behind others in industry

Insane levels of politics 

Everything is mediocre.. There's an element of inertia to changes (some of the IT systems were very dated but the expense of a major overhaul was just too high a barrier). And like most other workplaces, there's politics. Though here, many things happened beneath the surface e.g. the handling of restructures was quite ruthless and the surprise element added to the blow. And also minor annoyances like health care benefits was only provided to senior management (which I found rather insulting as everyone should be provided healthcare... and there's a good argument that lower paid staff would need the financial assistance more).. It's incredibly bureaucratic and difficult to get anything through to fruition. I spent a lot of my time at L&G dealing with politics which made it difficult to progress.. Managers who do not understand the work that you do
"Face fits" culture
Micro Management. Closing local office and losing lots of experience and knowledge. Salary
Bens
Slow and archaic in decision making at times 
IT. Bonus and total comp below market , no career progression. Within my department there isn't a lot of promotions and also salaries are all different so it's not really fair.. Large company - can get 'lost'
Slow to make decisions. Timed on every bit of work you do
Cost cutting is all that counts 
Staff try to treat customers fairly but are prevented by company rules/philosophies. Location, not enough career opportunities. I hate it there now, used to love it. Staff under huge stress and management really don't care. Completely unreasonable targets. Stress is brushed under the carpet. Antiquated IT.. Regular restructures and changes of leadership. Off the pace digitally. None to think of at this stage. CEO too dominant and pays lip service to a lot of his public pronouncements.  Need many more ladies in senior positions in the organisation, where is the internal pipeline?. They are a bit behind in terms of technology, and were quite slow to make changes. Many people were unhappy with senior management, but I didn't have a problem.. Archaic systems
Backwards thinking, that's thought to be forward thinking
Poor management. Large organisation with many business units. Closure of kingswood office dealt with terribly. Don't seem to value or try to retain good staff anymore. Poor market pay unless they "like you". You're just a number
Low salary. Constant restructures, having to apply for your own job at least once a year. A slow pace with decisions taking so long to implement that they lack relevance once finished.. Modernising too fast. Loosing it people culture and benefits. closing buildings, closing FS pension scheme.   I don't think it valued staff for their service and experience.. Ambitious colleagues were happy to walk over you to promote their own careers

Management not interested in developing talent or listening to good ideas.. 50/50 (maybe 70/30) experience of good senior managers. Some were great - including the directors I reported to, others less so. Quite political and arrogant.
Less about L&G and more about financial services in general. Doesn't appear to be a nascent area anymore sadly. Do wish Legal and General the best of luck and will be sad to hear the closure of Kingswood and general downsizing as I have heard in the news. - Bonuses are less performance based and more dependant on the generosity of your line manager
- Lack of equal benefits between employee grades
- Progression can be difficult in certain departments/business areas. You are just a number.  When the accountants want rid of you they don't care if it's Christmas time.  Check your contract terms also as they only give you a week and a half's pay for each year employed and 1 month notice.  For a big company their treatment of staff in these circumstances is very poor.. Highest management (CEO and executives etc) do not care one bit for the lowest level front line staff and despite taking on more and more business, do not invest in the correct tools and resources to be able to deal with the workload. No support from Senior Management at all and no one can be trusted - all a big farce even the CEO is more into his personal goals of housing with rubbing shoulders with the government and launching flat pack housing solutions rather than focusing on the core L&G products!!!. This company has no vision. The management is a shambles, autocratic, vindictive and achieves very little. The service and value to customers is low.. Normal large company problems with work range very restricted and narrow.  Very difficult to make anything happen.. Very senior management do not value staff, focus is on cost cutting at the expense of showing the staff that they are what makes the company great.. Anyone at managerial level (or aspiring manager) suddenly become complete morons, losing any human qualities and just focusing on targets
Now run by accountants and actuaries - no soul. Fickle, highly political senior management. Personal agenda pushing dominates, collaboration is low down on the priority list. Decision making can be either too slow or too quick and not thought through enough. General experience levels of senior management are not as high as you would expect for a premium company. Management by committee - autocratic. Silo-ed divisions. Saying all that, I think most of this is recognised and changes are at foot to transition the culture.. Full to the rafters with bullies and SJWs. It is an arrangement of brown nosing for any progression, even you do a poor job, if you like brown nosing you'll do great.. - Salary is less competitive compare to other insurance companies.
 - Many changes in the organisation in a short period of time, and the latest one is relocation. This really impacts employees motivation, and unnecessary changes means thinking of new changes every time and planning how to cope up with that, which impact day to day work.
- They would need to change their approach of managing IT world of the Business as it is considered to be a less of a priority, and still lacks some standard IT processes when it comes to managing the Change.. I worked at L&G for more than 5 years and when I joined it was a great place to work, quite paternalistic towards staff and there was a good work life balance. No more! They have cut numbers so far that people are so over worked and stressed that they are quite literally keeling over. Morale is rock bottom in the Kingswood office, which they are closing in 2018. There's also a huge technical debt and analysis paralysis is rife. Staff are just not recognised as vital to the success of this company. Customers aren't getting the best as they used to. Profits before service, quality, products. Make more money on each product without adding value to the products.. It's a shame the same can't be said about the senior management/leadership teams. The constant need to pinch pennies and restructure teams every 5 seconds doesn't make the environment feel safe or stable.

The company is a shell of its former self who no longer cares about its employees. They'll do more to save £2.50 than they would to raise talent from within the business.

They are also one of the most risk averse companies I've ever seen. They're so tied down in bureaucracy that it not only takes far too long to get anything done, the moment you try to do something different it gets shot down instantly. If you have any creativity or drive avoid this company  or you'll soon be browbeaten into conformity.. Infrastructure for collaboration requires significant investment. Also, flexible home working needs to be supported better. Just awful. Long term lack of progression, pay and training is biting back. The most appalling technology. Old boys network. Sexist. Bullying. Slow to make decisions (if ever). No investment in people. Shockingly poor internal communication. Decisions by committee so nothing ever gets done. The CEO is terrible with people and fosters a back stabbing, defensive non collaborative culture - the values / behaviours are not demonstrated by the senior team (quite the opposite).. Salary could be more competitive.  Inequality between different departments pay scale. Means lack of incentive to progress as higher grades may not mean much more pay.. Bad job security, beauracratic,, too many people covering themselves. No prospect to progress at all (in my team anyway). A lot of dead wood. Slow to take up new ideas, poorly paid vs competitors, ruthless money savers. IT is really poor, no strategic direction, use of catch words like digital and agile without understanding what they mean. 
Email rubbish 
PCs the same I used about 10yrs ago 
It helpline the worst I've seen
Information is never cascaded
No opportunities internally
Forget career progression, it's only for about 2 people. Poor network infrastructure (4MB email limits anyone, 1997 wants it network back!) meaning working from home can be a nightmare as you get disconnected from the remote connection for the tenth time with no office 365 (as of yet)

Poor organizational structure, tough to tell who works where due to constant changes at all levels.

Too much flip flopping, projects start, projects stop.Waste of resources

Political infighting and back covering like you wouldn't believe due to the closing of Kingswood and the usual corporate dramas, power plays.. Slow to take decisions, lack of creative focus to market.. Future prospects do not seem rosy given the current strategic direction of the company. Loyalty toward staff is a thing of the past.. There is nothing I can think of for cons. not much opportunity for salary increase. parking
Pay
Office environment
Lack of it resources. Was a great place about 5 years ago but has gone steadily downhill since.  Change was needed but the manner it has been undertaken has generally demoralised the staff and has seen a lot of very skilled people go out of the door.  Has also suffered from mediocre outsourcing exercises that have made delivering key changes in the business extremely difficult.

Culturally there used to be a very open and collaborative working practice but the business has become increasingly silo-ed with the usual in-fighting between business units.  The company line of key behaviours is something constantly preached to the staff but is largely ignored by the management.

Culturally there used to be a very open and collaborative working practice but the business has become increasingly silo-ed with the usual in-fighting between business units.  The company line of key behaviours is something constantly preached to the staff but is largely ignored by the management.. none always there when I needed them. Purpose doesn't filter through exco very well. They don't understand how it impacts and leads the brand and are unwilling to change. Too much focus on commercials only at the sake of communicating and servicing customers of all kinds. 
Very, very political resulting in some unpleasant times and a lack of collaboration.. There is often a lot of change and movement within the company, you aren't always aware of what is going on.. Appalling HR personnel, poorly trained and unable to spot bullying amongst senior managers. Many senior managers are incompetent. I would not recommend anyone to work for this company.. Poor perception of marketing, not customer focussed , little digital capability, risk averse, constant cost cutting, poor systems, bureaucratic. Salary, slow decision making, IT resources poor but improving slowly. Unclear job future. No clear career progression.. The systems we use are quite dated. 
Knowing which email to take notice of is difficult due to receiving so many from numerous areas. 
More investment needed in colleagues across all sites in general. 
Some people within the business are clearly no longer interested in working for L&G so should be managed out the door rather than left to create poison.. Pay is poor unless you work for LGIM
2015 cost cutting objective means that jobs are not being replaced, people aren't being promoted and pay rises are laughable (even if you've completed your yearly objectives)
Benefits slowly being withdrawn due to cost cutting
Lack of job stability due to mass redundancies
Employee development not given much priority
Very poor systems (worst I've ever seen)
Loyalty not rewarded. Salary could be better, stressed staff, questionable career progression. It's sometimes difficult to progress, and you may feel like you're waiting for someone to retire to get that step up. Once you're on a specific career path it feels like the opportunities are few.. If you're not interested in politics, want to achieve something, work with talented people, progress your career or make a difference, look elsewhere.

Incompetence makes doing a decent job impossible.  Unless you work in risk.. Compensation: If you pay peanuts you get a bunch of monkeys. Processes, management radical overhaul, limited career and salary growth opportunities.. Exceptional poor internal communication - expect to find out all your information from gossip and the media - including the information you need to do the job ! 
There only seems to be one visible executive, who seems more focused on politics than running the company.
IT systems and controls exceptionally weak with no long term planning.  
No networking opportunities. Once you are onboard your package does not keep pace with the market
huge cultural shift and restructures since mid 2013 have increased centralisation, reduced resource beyond what is comfortable to manage business and result in staff working long hours without adequate support
increasingly political management which seems to value those who make the right noises over those with the knowledge who can actually do the work; a recipe for disaster once they lose the good people. Increasingly bullying culture to achieve results
Years of underinvestment in systems is now becoming critical yet they are cutting costs still further
poor progression internally. Constantly changing departments and reporting lines. Generally known as a dinosaur in the financial industry.  Clunky systems that don't speak to each other.  Complicated matrix management systems.  Too many people involved before a decision is made. Behind the curve in creating financial platforms and running to keep up.. Painfully slow progress upgrading systems/IT.
Too much internal change, re-structuring, office closures and redundancies while recruiting like crazy call centre and operational staff. Some roles aren't even advertised, you just hear that so and so is now Director of this or Head of that.
Repetitive - every year the same thing. Many managers here are creatures of habit and are comfortable just doing the same thing year in, year out, despite internal change to business areas, staff opinion and advancements in technology.
External announcements of healthy profits and growth does not stack up with the internal turmoil and senior management re-shuffles that happen on an annual basis.. Poor review system allowing wide interpretation by untrained management. Management often make poor decisions in areas they are not trained to deal with e.g. health issues and then abuse performance management techniques in an attempt to resolve.. There are a handful of very senior female directors at the company that bully and abuse their staff, and, despite this being well known, it is allowed and a lot of good people leave because of this. Very disappointing and makes would could be a great company to work for a potential nightmare. However there are one or two fantastic female directors and perhaps the reason they do not get appointed to the board is because the 'bad apples' have tarnished the reputation of women in this company.. Legal and General has an obvious corporate vibe, progression seemed like it would be slow.. There has been a lot of change in recent years which has a negative impact on staff moral but as an outsider I can still see what a great place to work L&G is. 

Communication from managers to staff has always been an issue and I belive this is still the case.. Recent restructures have cleared the decks and a lot of knowledge and the great 'family' atmosphere has been lost. Inconsistent messages from the top - e.g. company values and delivery of strategy seem to have become misaligned. Long hours and sometimes the work is repetitive. The company is a bureacratic nightmare, where key decisions often take forever to make, if at all. Senior management talk constantly about trying to engage with employees and fix problems, yet only ever show real interest in performance against targets, not the fundamentals that underpin and ultimately affect them. Shortsighted business planning, and decison making processes that frankly beggar belief. The list goes on.. Low wages, limited career progression, favourites are promoted, too many people in the company and everyone does their little bit of the process so it becomes boring very quickly.. Senior management out of touch of the real processing times and the work loads. There is very little chance to progress. 
Training lasted a long time but I still felt unprepared when joining the floor and it turned out that there were massive gaps. 
Challenging processes is a very hard and feels like a losing battle from the start.
For the last year or so there has been a real atmosphere of having to fight for recognition and even for your job. So many people started to be put on different performance reviews and perfomance measures which didn't allow for people getting used to the changes in role, department, management, sampling and staff levels. This lead to people becoming over protective of their own job and real culture of backstabbing and blame. 
Recognition felt more of a guesture and was inconsistent.
I don't say this as a rant or even from just personal experience but really as something useful to those I'm leaving behind as I know this is a shared feeling with many others on the floor.. The salary growth is pretty slow as you progress from the bottom ranks. The opportunities to network and meet people from the industry are limited.. You have to be really stand out in order to get recognised. Hard working people don't get recognised well enough. Some senior manager can be over the top with level of details and want everything to be exactly  how they wanted things done!. The systems are dated, which need to be updated also it would be good to have one system across all departments.. Well known lack of investment in IT equipment, systems and IT support,  general lack of commercial nationwide advertising, business strategy direction, launch of new products without administrative procedures and team in place, lack of adequate resource in key areas.. Poor leadership, constant change, continuous redundancies over last 5 years.  No internal progression.  No training for management.  Poor rates of bonus / pay rise verse success of company.  Unclear expectations of staff.  New staff being recruited but lack of honesty about job role means unhappy recruits, who are receiving below standard training for such a big, well known company.. My whole L&G experience, which lasted four years, was just too slow for me. The company was very unexciting, very risk averse, very process driven and generally quite a lumbering beast. Decision-making was slow and done by endless committees and working groups. Many people there were good at their job, but an equal or greater amount were very, very average and unwilling to step outside a very tight remit or think outside the box. A lot of people at L&G have been at the company a very long time. The person I replaced had never worked anywhere else, which I don't think is healthy. 
My mind just had too much spare capacity and in the end I could stand the mediocrity no longer and had to leave before I went stark raving mad. It's probably a good place for many people, to be fair, just not me. If you are a 9 to 5 person with low ambition, then this is the perfect place for you.. HR advertises the job as perm and then changes it after the interview.  

Working hours discriminated against woman with out children. Expecting them to work longer than those with.. Somewhat sleepy village, no opportunities to network outside the company.  Team based culture which I personally liked but it does make it more difficult for individuals to stand out.. Progression and wage increases massively reduced dying the downturn in the economy and restricted development opportunities creating repeat work with very little recognition or reward.. The work manager tracking system can get a bit tedious.. Sometimes impersonal due to size of the firm.. Difficult to move to a different department if you want to move up in the company or even make a change. Training is highly lacking. Some departments have DOS systems and you work using function keys and black/green screens.  Supervisors are not all certified ! but they can run a department? Employees know more than the supervisors and are certified.. Frustratingly slow decision making.   Recent change in CEO means change in direction and strategy that is not clear.  Some areas are under-resourced.. Little room for progression, particularly within one's own department or team. Similarly, although bonus is related to job performance, base salary doesn't reflect performance, knowledge, skills or development. Once you start on a salary, you're pretty much stuck with it unless you manage to get a promotion and step  up a grade.. Low salaries - kingswood is not in Central London, but still need London wages to tempt those from London to work there.
High levels of poorly managed out-sourcing
Silo business structure with no joined up thinking
Very antiquated IT systems, some originating from the 1960s!
Not progressive
Parts of HR have been out-sourced
Can only park in the car park 4 out of 5 days per week - need to nominate a no park day
Seen by management to be a 'lifestyle' choice to work there meaning we don't pay you much and don't expect long working hours or any chances of promotion.
PCs with floppy disk drives!! - No real investment in IT infrastructure 
Still on MS office 2000 for most staff
Very slow processes. Some processes are just there to justify the hierarchical management structure.. Pay Promotion Politics Old systems Resistance to change. - Professionally skewed to Actuaries more than general management, Finance or Accountants;
- Development relies more on yourself than HR framework (Who you know rather than what you know, somewhat);
-. A good deal of rhetoric around change and advancement, however little real opportunity to do so. 
Work projects show little variation, to advance the employee.
Quiet office and sporadic attempts by senior management to promote an atmosphere / sociability.. The culture is passive and a lot of inertia to bring about progress and change.
They do not invest much into staff - whether it be financially or career development.. too relaxed + too slow. Low wages; when the company doesnt do as well as expected, redundancies are the first thing that will happen; too much 'boom' hiring and 'bust' firing; chance of advancement very limited/non-existent. lack of inspiration from top leadership
too much politics. Management need to show respect for staff and gain a better understanding of the job more.
lack of Knowledge Transfer
Poor salary. Head office in London is now closed. Old Mutual Finance cutting jobs, making positions redundant. Feels like you are being micromangement.. You need to work on commition. This company offers Great advice. Slow processes, rigid, lacking in innovation. Industry follower, never leading the pack. No remote working for all roles, hopefully COVID has changed that for good for roles that can work remotely.. no room for growth (career progression). Hierachical organisation. Promotion is slow. Depending on the province. Preference of growth if based on color,friendship or favoritism.. bad salary and they just care about their sales. one can easily feel stagnated given the absence of promotions. Can be to meet targets created based on commission sliding scale. None of those there yes. Nothing at the moment, they are really a good company to work for. Nothing I can think of. Apathy of the general workforce, senior management only play politics, glacier pace of work, no risk appetite, no understanding of digital at a senior level.. Freedom over your time as you will find that you tend to work long hours submitting applications at night after seeing clients during the day. Also the salary you create is subject to clawbacks if clients stop paying premiums.. beaurocratic process of growth with in the orgaisation. Huge corporate with bureaucratic structures. Old technology, old company structures, toxic culture. Over worked, under paid and left stressed. Alot of work for the role. Limited, less benefits, no fulltime employment for financial advisors. Work life balance not existent. there are none at this company. Lack of direction 
Oblivious to the fact that they need to change
Not open to challenges and advice from experts in the field. Working longer hours some to reach yoir target. No real cons i can think of. Slow promotion into senior roles. A lot of restructuring while I was there. Still a full time Student, no cons on my side. You are Remunerated with a loan. How can this even be legal?. Management culture depending on the area you work. Too much company politics really slows down career. Nothing i have noticed up to so far. The politics is over bearing. Prospect, cold calling, face to face selling. When you put in extra hours to your work, there is no compensation.. Long hours and no overtime.. I work for purely commission. Insufficient support provided to staff in terms of salary increases and promotions. 200% expectation but I feel that falls on an individual to manage themselves. Expensive Medical Aid
No Gym
Company doesn't contribute towards the Pension fund 
Managers are not equipped can't conduct interviews or performance appraisal
Retrenchment. Long hours that we work at, but it's for the best. Long hours
Not many benefits for employees. Depersonalisation and values although pronounced were not lived.. Bureacracy, Red tape, slow to change. Need to diversity investments into off shore Rand hedging investments. Very administration intensive organization that was slow moving. slow to innovate and usually behind. Legacy systems, they use old systems and are slow to adopt new technology.. Commission had a cap to it.. Limited resources and support from senior management. OM is a great company. Bureaucratic. Slow pace of decision-making.. Growth takes too long....opportunities for growth are not well defined. None that comes to mind. Not enough support. Poor pay and perks.. It's only the salary and a chance to grow. Salaries less competitive
Because of size, things get bureaucratic. There is too much bureaucracy and execution is slow. Working conditions, micro managing, salary. Poor Remuneration package
Poor Company culture. very long hours because employees are few. The work environment was average.. More transparency would be nice. No Cons. Company is great. Sometimes a little slow moving. Invariable pay and take long to increase salary. Low willpower to execute 
Poor leadership
No promotion unless a new role opens up
Archaic manual processes. Duplication of reports within the system; resulting in time wasting.. Focus on the young new recruits more than the existing staff. Allow people to grow and help them reach their goal. The workload at times can be overwhelming, but you get used to it. Work hard play hard. hard to get into management. Company bases almost every decision for advancement base on the race or gender of the person. 
Company takes not steps to improve the lives of young parents.. Over worked under paid. Work people out. It’s who you know to get a promotion. There are no cons for me. The office environment is boring.. They need more leaders than bosses. If young meet target you don't get paid. Poor culture and corporate hierarchy. Not ready for new ideas. slow pace, general apathy, not industry leading work. none that i can think of. Bureaucratic, slow moving, not best paying. Commission, own vehicle (all costs on you). Transparency in salary engagements is lacking as employees are in the dark as to how this is set. Especially when it comes to bonus calculations.. leads were horrible
traveling without a petrol card. workload, a lot of information to take in at a short space of time especially whilst you on training. Difficult to innovate and implement new ideas due to the size of the company, various departments involved and levels of management.. Brand less well known in some cases. Progression is very limited, only one promotion possible unless going into management.. Stressful
Continous prospecting
Regulatory requirements
Too much upfront work
Need discipline and willpower to succeed. Commission based. Clawbacks. Not getting paid. Working long hours. Uncertainty.. No compassion for retrenched employees. Zero work life balance; very stressful; you could not afford to be sick in this place or take your well deserved annual leave days because you would suffer big time afterwards. A company laptop and a phone given to employees to possess them ideally 365 days a year.
Don't be fooled by the benefit of being able to buy or sell holidays, you will barely have time to eat your lunch!. Lots of politics in upper management levels. Trying to implement new projects and solutions is slow.. * bureaucratic
* high pressure / understaffed
* not at the cutting edge of innovation. Can be boring, not easy to move up. The Career progression path is not great. see above, the section I worked for is closed. The working environment was extremely stressful. Certain departments were much worse than others, and the team leaders were he'll-bent on getting their unrealistic goals met with harsh working conditions.. Slow decision making
Low gross income
Market follower
Limited opportunities for career growth
Too top heavy. Difficult to move out of sales. Very large organisation hence personal growth is slow.. Management lures potential candidates with the hopeof good incentives. Offices could do with a revamp.. There can be favouritism.. Autocratic management with little ability to adapt to change.. None that I can mention right away.. Not many I can think of. Low wage
No structure to pay or promotions. Legacy systems stagnates the rapid speed of innovation.. Too much red-tape and bureaucracy. Silo mentality between divisions in the group. Company progress is heavily constrained by unrealistic and unfair BEE initiatives.. there is a lot of politics and bureaucracy. It's huge so you can feel like a cog in a machine. There are still a lot of manual processes which slows down the workflow.. Lots of politics, favouritism . Slow salary growth. Slow moving pace. Not too innovative. Our business unit was in run off so no future after office closed. Monthly targets and strict deadlines. Silo working environment. Communication not ideal.. Poor management styles and remuneration. Very limited in learning potential. Uncertainties in BU's  and slower progression.  No 13th cheque.. low to adopt IT Technologies. Performance management process flawed
Favoritism.
Multi domain projects are not are not properly managed end to end.. You get breakfast from the office ( not really) but at least you can have coffee. Lots of change and not always delivered very well. Bureaucracy and process orientated organisation
Overstaffed so cost cutting likely. Not  too Transaprent. Hierarchical, not very agile, lengthy decision-making. Limited career opportunities because of size / structure. Rigid on policies and culture. Poor renumeration, no staff benefits. can take a little longer to get promoted to other position. Non-competitive salary at the lower range. employees are ill treated and employees hardly have time to spend with their families.. Too much back-stabbing amongst staff.. Median income 
Slow to market with innovation. Awful managent. Arbitrary decisions and no career opportunities. talents can be hidden and need to be unlocked. Poor commission structure
Forever changing admin structure therefore cases take forever to load. No basic. Commission only, not bad if you are a hard worker. Working overtime but I believe when you want to be successful you need to put more time and effort in your work and not forgetting to work smart.. Complex organization with many moving parts. Decisions can sometimes take time due to complexity and many people to be consulted.. Salary lower than market expectations , weak hr. - Older generation
- Unclear growth opportunities
- Mild complacency. Internal politics at senior level. Need to understand the nature of the business and the products in order to thrive in IT.. Lack of support from seniors
High turnover of staff. One of the downsides of working at Old Mutual is bereaucracy. The pay could be better. Mentoring could make the experience more valuable.. Excellent system and enjoyable working conditions. The work can be too routine, Managers not as competent. Too much internal politics
management takes long to make decisions. Bureaucracy
Traditional
lack of Innovation
Remuneration a bit average. Difficult to obtain a significant raise by staying within the same role. london head office team are leaving due to managed separation. There were some downsides to working at Old Mutual. no allowances.
unwilling to adapt to fit Ghana's society. Its not the company but people that affects this culture. Management can seem out of touch at times. More faith needed on lower level staff. Not always being able to help due to clients affordability. Information sharing is not always the best between teams. The company has no cons, such a great place. The business moves slowly and is very out of touch with the development of technologies in the world, so it is not the best place to go to if you work in the technology sector.. Bonus structure is unfair
Flexi-time is not an option for those who are not managers
No career growth opportunities
Increases are below average for lower role sizes. The office I currently work at is in the rural areas and one is not exposed to growth.. Due to a corporate restructuring any opportunities are likely to be short term. People in this company stays for long time so the career opportunities are not clear.. salaries are very low making it hard for one to upgrade studies and growth is not promising in clerical positions.

more work load give higher demands ( dress smart upgrade studies ) and the are no opportunities to support the expectations. The resources to do your job are limited. technology costs spiralling out of control. Company does not contribute to medical aid. New set of leaders absolutely poor.. Lack of growth opportunities and  development. The dissolution of the company was a surprise and the initial steps were not planned well in terms of impact on staff and morale. large global footprint across very different business models. one is just a number. Poor Commission Structure, Too many meetings. Time spent on travelling. Tends to not be much chance to progress further. Group is umbrella for disparate divisions and sometimes the organisation feels fragmented.
So big can be slow to make decisions and implement change.. The salary were not that good. Very huge EE driven. This is for both internal and external candidates.. lack of growth and presence of organisational silos.. Some nepotism involved and  did not like promoting from within. Maybe some of the IT equipment could be upgraded, I was stuck with some old monitors with low resolution, which ended up straining my eyes after long periods.. too big & too slow in certain countries.. Employee tenure valued above employee competency and education which creates potential for bad managers put into position for dedication to company and not on earned merit
Lack of clearly defined vision
No continuity planning
Confused strategies. Very bureaucratic, heavy processes which waste time, decision making slow, lack of innovation
Poor leadership at the top - big egos and little diversity
Technology antiquated and poor customer service
Top management been there forever an set in their ays - dictatorial especially HR. Absolutely none that I can think of.. Set in their ways and not staying with the times in terms of promotions.  Internal politics are a massive problem within South Africa. None I can think of at the moment. Not having a fixed salary is tough especially in current market conditions.. From my position at the time I didn't see a huge potential to develop. very slim career growth opportunities. Salaries not in line with responsabilities. Incredibly high paced and highly stressful environment. Should place greater emphasis on making workforce as diverse as possible.. Strategic change means the Plc will not exist for much longer. Very fast paced, but you are rewarded if you keep up.  Projects can be tough, but rewarding when complete.  OMAM only hires the best.  It's a great company, so finding cons isn't easy.. I don´t have cons in my company. Lacks a broad culture and best practices being witnessed in other corporate institutions. Still relies on goodwill of olden years.. Following a strategic review the corporate strategy has changed and the London-based head office is to be closed in due course. The current focus is on transitioning activities to the respective businesses ahead of a possible local jurisdiction listing.. Strategic decisions had impacted on staff morale, limited internal movment. Slow to change, process heavy.. Not always the right people doing a specific or specialised job. Not the most exciting work. A lot of pressure
Hard work. Lack of career development and advancement. Legacy issues and cronyism. Federated business - getting Businesses to co-operate is difficult. Closing down!  Communication and treatment of remaining staff (and those that have left recently). Paternalistic and hierarchical. Culture can be conservative and slow to change.. salary below industry average before reaching senior management level; promotion is very slow and difficult. career opportunities very limited if you stand up for yourself. It is a big corporation and an individual quickly becomes statistics. Complexity in that the Insurance Industry is growing rapidly due to Legislation. A little difficult to get involved with all the teams, but you do get a lot of exposure to teams other than your own.. Very hard to get positions because of racial preference. I was in line to get a position but I was taken off the shortlist be HR because of colour. I wasn't even allowed an interview.. Some of the staff didn't seem keen on focussing together as a team. Longer-term strategies may also benefit the company. none come to mind right now.. Little collaboration between departments
Mediocrity amongst staff
Poor leadership and bureaucracy
Lower reward and benefits as compared to rest of market. Lots of bureaucracy means difficult to be innovative. Must be willing to invest years for advancement. Limited growth for some divisions. Continued uncertainty, some in-fighting and difficult structure to work within (London head office with spread out Business Units, predominantly South African business).. At times too much to do.. Small niggles to cut costs
Can be more innovative with regards to how things are done rather than the sometimes just ticking boxes. Working in segregated teams meant lack of communication within the company between various departments.. Archaic, Layers, Slow, Bureaucracy, Reactive. Politics amongst employees. Too bureaucratic. While some department may have exercised good work/life balance, the finance group didn't seem to have that mentality. Poor communication and processes with the parent company were frustrating.. Can be bureaucratic and slow. Poor remuneration of the junior actuaries.  They placed little value on work experience and promotion but more towards exams thus penalizing good work ethic indirectly. Fairly slow paced with politics associated with large companies. Bad benefits, salaries, people without strong studies. Too much politics, an unclear performance related reward system and the lack of valuation of work experience and expertise. i.e. if you are an overachiever this isnt the place for you - more work but not more pay.. poor IT framework, too big to respond quickly.. Fairly frequent turnover of senior management team.. Many staff have been there for a long time and have a poor work ethic as they are treated so well at OM.

Middle management spend too much time looking for quick wins and temporary fixes. They always choose easy option whether it is the best option or not.. Very little infrastructure to support professional development.. No downside because each place is what you make of it... Poor progression opportunities. Restrictive HR practices.. long hours, less management, the managers are very young. hard long term career, straight to the point managers, hard to be a change maker although it is apparently encouraged,. Out of date IT resources, the company does not maximise the benefits IT can bring to enhance and facilitate better communication within the company and between offices.. There is a high turn over of employees annually due to there unattractive compensation and remuneration packages.. I have absolutely nothing against the company or the role, I loved the company, my boss and my team. Owned by international company that was managing us from overseas.. Stuffy, top-down management.  Tough to develop career if you start at a lower position.. Very vertical structure - Report to a line manager, who reports to another line manager, etc.. The constant battle between parent company and affiliates.. Client reporting can be very repetative and also has to be produced to very tight deadlines. in doing this, this will ensure client relationships are maintained. Long hours, heavy workload not matched with the salary received, no career plan of any kind or investment in meaningful employee's training, salary below market (considering companies with same activity/scope of services). lack of management
Pay rate is not up to market. No growth since people do not move out of the company. The commission split between yourself and the company at times is not well balanced out.. Management fails to communicate with teams, and as such, fails to understand true underlying issues of their teams. Most areas of the business are kept in a silo, which is counterintuitive as we depend on one another.. Not all business units are representative of Old Mutual core values especially at senior management in Foundation Market. the whole joint was depressing. The not knowing when your salary will come. lack of personal growth and lack of direction. the business plans for the future with exculding the growth factor for their staff compliment.. declining of the economy caused by national strikes resulting  in lose of employment.. Middle management is very poor and the organisation is highly siloed.. Its hard for alot of people to trust you with their money.. Late hours, especially when creating quarterly reports.

Sometimes have to carry work home to beat deadlines. Organization is flat, very little room for advancement.. Perhaps some of the vision is and direction is being missed. Subsidiary group companies seem able to 'wag the dog' in certain regards.. There are none that I have experienced so far.. Some senior people that don't live the Group's values. The organisation is going through a great deal of change post mergers and acquisitions in the UK space, this means that both BAU and central services are stretched.  Therefore i could only recommend to those that enjoy change.. Lots of red tape at times.. beat the street
pound the pavement
find your own leads
their was no real mentor close to me and the time difference proved to be a hindrance when scheduling. Clichés and fiefdoms connected by their length of service, rather than value, competency or effectiveness.

Decision making by committee or collective – no one wants to be accountable for a decision.. Hard work and dedication is a must. Many departments with each their requirements and systems not completely integrated into one cohesive unit, impacting on system advancement and cutting edge technology usage. Management does not listen to employees, creativity in problem solving is actively discouraged, work/life balance is minimal in some groups, management team is shaky and worst of all, London office controls everything making for lots of bureaucratic unnecessary paper-pushing jobs.. No career future.  It is a closed block business.. The failure of leadership means your job is at high risk of developing into a past position as they lay people off to compensate for their failures.. some of the downsides is limited flex time.. Wish management was more helpful
Very busy but very competent leadership team
Want more vacation time
Want more team building acts. There aren't very many downsides to Old Mutual, however communication can be improved between senior management and the other employees.. Favortism, lack of team work within 1 group.. Very bad management, the turnover rate is very high, every employee will be feel upset with something. Do not be the employee of this company.. Layoffs. Twelve hour work days. Uncertainty about the future of the company. Fires to put out everywhere. High attrition rate. This year, bonuses were not given, and raises were given only to a select few.. compartmentalised nature of the group - there seems to be a lot of r redundancies with no clear group direction. Senior management do not appear to want to feed back information to the staff. Communication is good but could be better.. Compensation of employees - word is most people or below comparable roles in the industry.. They dont care about staff. Dated technology
A lot of red tape 
Multiple teams makes it difficult to work quicker
Not agile
Takes a long time to drive change. lack of support from managers, very busy. None so far, they seem very open to feedback.. Working long hours at the weekend. None I can think of. All employees are ltd by Citrix access and latency. Departments outside of operations should have direct network access or network capability uplift required @£. Can 't think of any. Some weekend work, open until 9pm. No flexible working, bonus only applies for roles above a certain pay grade.. pay rise & bonus pathetic. The pressure to sell and it being described as treating the customer fairly. Load of rubbish, especially these other reviews. Surprised they were never sued for stress!. Call centre environment quite hard. None that I can think of.. - Head office could’ve been in a more central location
- Starting salary could be increased a bit.. Teams were a little siloed (new organisational structure may change this), some of the technology is out of date and pace of change to this is slow. Can be a little buereaucratic at times. difficult to work up the career ladder. Change communication is poor, you'll find out about redundancies, reorganisations or other significant changes (e.g. office move) usually by email with no prior warning.

Systems are fragmented with underwriters using several different systems on a daily basis. Some of these are decades old, very clunky legacy systems (MSDOS based black and green screens). It takes months, if not years to be proficient on all of these tools. If the company doesn't want to be left behind in the digital age, serious IT infrastructure investment is needed.

Team leaders for the most part have not previously been underwriters, so have little understanding of how long a task can take. The business is too heavily focused on work counting reports which are not an accurate representation of an underwriters real workload. Every underwriter in the team I worked in had too much work and a poor work / life balance as a result. My people manager (who was excellent) worked far too many hours, including regular weekend working.  

The underwriting head office was undergoing change for the better at the time of leaving, though some of the 'old guard' need to go for this to really work in the long term. Underwriters regularly no quote business that could be written to avoid speaking to the head office team. A much more collaborative approach with more trust of underwriting staff is needed.. Can be stressful, busy at times, expected to take call after call. A lot of time on the phone, not enough time to work on claims. Low progression opportunities
Reasonably strict management. Sometimes can feel clicky and your face has to fit. annual pay awards are minimal, departments do not communicate well with each other, IT quite dated and Intranet needs an overhaul. don't have any to say of. A lot of micromanagement from lower management. Frequent re-orgs, For London centric people not the best place to get to. Lots of pressure to sell in a quick time, take as many calls as possible. Lots of it issues, big pressure to do over time. everything else . . . . .. line management not great, employees not always looked after, no regard for loyalty. Higher management really need to know more about what goes on at the sites not just the numbers and what they are being told.. Downsides???
You earn your worth and get rewarded. It is still a little "old school", systems still in the process of being updated, a large proportion of the organisation still coming to terms with working with more agility and overcoming self imposed blockers. Feels like it is some way off from being progressive and nimble.. Non that I can think of off the top of my head,m.. I really enjoyed at this business. Development into senior roles can be slow. In with the in crowd you were fine however some appaling management practices that need called out. Working times not very flexible. They throw money at the wrong people. Sadly if you're terrible at your job but you brown nose management then you're in for a nice bit of wonga!. Shift rotations. Not a massive con, you get used to it!. Very target driven, can be stressful. There was never any motivation to work here; not even the salary is worth it considering you can find similar roles that pay more.

Poor management.

Very clear favouritism (favouring the people who slacked because they are so buddy buddy with their managers)

You can do everything well in your role but unless you are beyond perfect and doing additional social activities outside of your role - forget about getting the highest category for your performance reviews. 

Overtime? Forget it, they don't want to pay you extra even if it means being productive as a business.

Don't bother trying to progress at DLG Legal Services unless you're willing to lose your sanity.. We get asked to do surveys on the business but they never focus on the negative. When I see the question "how likely would you recommend this business"... I wish there was a -100 rating

Underpaid; pay increase is ridiculous. It is less than inflation.
non transparent communication and no clear direction
company is more concerned about business ratios and net turnover
Obvious favouritism
No appreciation
Ignorant/ungrateful managers and supervisors. Nothing at all, all good. Bullying culture by managers allowed. Clown management. So many issues with staff bonus, customers would score you a 9 and it would put you out of target you had to get 10! So basically perfect.. Nothing to add here sorry. Not enough training in different situations- Think a lot of the training in the past was obviously office based but a lot of the scenarios were what would be easy to deal with claims
Should have been more opportunity to listen in on previous calls to see how to handle a variety of customers/situations
I think working from home made it 10x harder than it would have been in the office. I have no qualms about working from home in the current situation but it's incredibly hard to learn a new role from home without the chance to socialise with co-workers on a face to face level and it sometimes left you feeling a little trapped and on your own, especially at first dealing with difficult customers it could be pretty relentless, but this isn't really something the company could help so it's not really their fault as such.. No Cons I can think of.. Pay could be better, that it. No cons that I can think of. - a lot of inter department politics
- managers with no care for the team member and rather rude and not approachable 
- Constatnt wave of redundancies, not sure if your job is secure if you are not in favourite list of your managers
- managers decisions are imposed on the team than actually making them feel a part of the team. The contracts are better for fixed term contracts.. - Technology transformation in flight but some outdated systems still in place for now.
- Some senior leadership talk well and mean well but lack substance.. - IT systems certainly need a revamp!. There are no cons I can think of. Day-to-day processes and low salary. Weekend shifts and later shifts. None that I can think of.. Shift timetable, salary below average and heavy work load. pay not worth the work. No specific cons to mention. This post is for anyone who is hesitant to apply for direct line and wants a brief insight before applying. 


I worked on the renewal & retention department for a little over a year. I started just before the pandemic struck but during the process of transferring from office work to wfh the management team were lovely, reassuring & supportive. The training during the first lockdown was as good as it could be, given the circumstances. We were expected to retain everything we were taught & expected to be ready to get on the phones and speak with customers regardless of how much training we missed due to system issues/life issues. We assumed it was something everyone had experienced so we went along with it. 


Once we got on the phones & in our new respective teams (our new teams consisted of 2 newbies & 5 others who worked for the company for over a year) we was given a small grace period where we was allowed to fall behind on stats &
make mistakes which we did, naturally. 

What took me by surprise was that our individual stats were displayed for the team to see, no matter how poor we were doing during the month. Not only that, I struggled during the first 8 weeks but I managed to pull it back with some advice from my manager but my poor performance during my first 8 weeks was used against me during my probation period which resulted in my probation being extended. 

I was also taken aback by the fact that the main reason why my probation was extended was due to “my customer” feedback. the feedback had nothing to do with me but everything to do with the company pricing on insurance. I found it so disheartening that I was being punished for something that was completely out of my control. 

Also, the constant modules we had to complete!!!! even during the busiest days where we had no time to complete them we was still expected to! The constant module notifications via email and workday app that you can’t switch off otherwise you’ll miss important alerts! Sometimes the alerts for new modules will come through at 2am. They’re never never ending. 

There’s so much expected from staff with such little appreciation. We’re expected to stay on top of 3+ modules a day, customer call time, customer hold time, wrap time, customer feedback etc. People were being fired during the pandemic and they would message the company Skype board to show their frustration before leaving the company. 

The managers definitely have a way of making sure we’re all hyper aware of stats including my customer feedback all day every day, making us update them on where we’re at multiple times during the day. This heightened everyone’s anxiety, especially me because I was the only one who had my probation extended. The managers were aware of how this affected everyone, especially during a pandemic and lockdown and how busy it was at work (literally one call after another with no space in between calls).

Nonetheless, I worked extremely hard for the next 3 months and exceeded all of my targets. I hadn’t taken any holiday in over 6 months, and I picked up any overtime that the company needed us to work. Sometimes I did 8am-8pm shifts 4 days in a row. I was desperate for management to see how serious I was. not only that, when I started the first thing I noticed was that there wasn’t a single black person in a management role and with hard work and enthusiasm, I was determined to see that change. 

1 week until my probation meeting I was called by my new manager (2 weeks after she started) to say I’m being investigated for making a honest mistake. 

1 week later I was fired. 

What hurt the most was that 3 days ago my work colleagues (now good friends) messaged me to say the mistake I had made is now a method they’re all being trained to use moving forward.. Like any business of this type, there are a lot of ‘legacy’ people and managers who would not get hired today. There was also the desire to be ‘digital’ and get into the future without a clear idea what that means.. Development, change, opportunities, salary, management. - Lots of legacy systems but there are some plans in place to address this.
- Pace of change has historically been quite slow. This is improving with new agile ways of working though.. A lot of travel to other sites. Change can be slow - lots of legacy systems - fairly typical across big companies. High call queues
Pressure to answer calls and deal with claims quickly. Limited progression, bad systems, poor office despite recent refurb. Hard to progress pass Manager level, sometime overlook hard workers, Promote favorites. Too many managers are dead weight and been there for years. Coaching is done on a very box ticking way. People coaching have no idea how to do the job. Hours are terrible, they expect you work stupid times and then say, it's all in aid of work life balance. Higher managers only work Monday to Friday, so there a massive lack of support over weekends. Pay rises are a joke. An outstanding end of year give the same pay rise as a good. No point in working hard, just turn up do you job. Secondments are not paid at the same GGS as the work load, so managers only give jobs on a seconded basis to get the work out of you without the pay. The slowness to react the pandemic is shameful the CEO should resign as a result.. There isn’t any cons to working there. Systems can sometimes be tempermental. Intense
Constant call listening
Too many opportunities to fail
Pressure to complete calls under 6 mins. Career progression can be slow. Very poor management / Not supportive on professional level/ No recognition. The company tries to take on too much at one time. Current agile transition is not great. I was recruited as a customer service advisor for direct line and throughout the interview and offer process it was discussed as though I would be working in the motor insurance team. 
On the day I started they began enrolling us into travel insurance claims advisor roles, the company did not run this by prior to the start date. 
They advertise at 22.5k pay plus benefits, when the contract is received it is in fact 19.5k plus 9% pension or you can opt out and have a very poor pension contribution. It is all very complicated and confusing to understand. 
The training was completed over phone calls which caused me to run up £100+ phone bill, which they did reimburse me but my contract cut me off for 2 days and caused me to miss the training as there was no other day for the training to be rolled out. 
The service and systems are poor and complaints from customers are endless due to the poor service provided by staff.
Where other companies have provided things like flexible working and prolonged breaks, additional holidays, non working days etc due to pressures of home working DLG have done nothing for staff in this respect. They promised “additional” time off at Christmas and within my team the majority got only 1 holiday granted for the festive period.. Some managers were 'yes' men. slow-paced, not very organized, not many internal career opportunitieses. Time management is essential for getting tasks done. Promotions sometimes feel like they’re based on who shouts the loudest.. Not competitive salary, no progression. Salaries seem to be slightly lower when benchmarked against similar companies, but this is really just from personal desktop research and word of mouth. I find the positives definitely outweigh this.. Career progression is rather limited, so you could be stuck in the same role for many years. The only issue I can think of that I've had is that there have been a few IT issues - being in the midst of a pandemic and having to quickly shift to working from home has been a major task for all businesses. Given this is the only con I can think of, I'd say that's good going!. Great British public can be trying. Hours can be a bit extreme depending on your selected shift pattern.. Very difficult to progress internally. Wages are lower than other companies. None that I can think of. Shifts, weekend work, lots of managers.. Low Salary no progression opportunities. It’s very difficult in the customer relations area to book any time off during the summer months or at Christmas. There are lots of targets and it can be a very stressful Job. You need to have thick skin dealing with customers if you’re working in the customer relations team.. Not much in my honest opinion. They’re not very flexible about flexible working. The work can be very repetitive.. None that come to mind. Salary and benefits is poor. Hard to climb the ladder. Line managers are very demanding, very pushy on generating extra profit
Not many opportunities to advance within the company. - Technical approaches can be quite top down.
- Team is made up of lots of contractors, and pieces of work delegated to agencies. Tenure of contractors seemed to be longer than full time staff. Felt like there could be more investment in retaining fulltime staff instead.
- Still has some bureaucracy that leaks in from the DLG side of things.
- Not much room for growth outside promotions. Wasn't a well defined technical track ladder which made getting raises difficult without moving towards management.
- Yearly bonus of 10% was not very achievable. There is not a budget for every employee to achieve 10% so is somewhat graded on a curve.. No company backing, no tools.. Senior Managers know f all honestly. Only thing I complain about is that I don't like vans that much and i SOLD VAN INSURANCE. Lower salary compared to London Market. Salary and rewards could be better.. the shift patterns aren''t too good (weekend work). Expect more lack of rewarding. The roles are very monotonous and if you're customer-facing it can be call after call all day every day depending on department which after some time can be really draining, you have a lot of targets which can be hard to hit every month. being part-time is good however I noticed this limits your ability to excel within the business.. Working hours can be too much. Outdated IT infrastructure, still some red tape. Again, the company promote mental health but do very little in terms of tackling it at management level within the centre. Need a break? Forget it there is a number to manage. Mental health and the stress and demands is talked about extensively between consultants and TL’ s and the feeling is it doesn’t get fed any higher due to the fact there are waste targets that would need sacrificing to effectively manage it.

The pressure on sales is crazy. 21 KPI’s to manage is a frankly insane amount for any sales agent. They want quality conversations and high sales volume but heaven forbid you spend too long on a call trying to do it. CCT apparently isn’t measured but it’s just repackaged as “waste” and if your CCT or “waste” is too high you will be managed on it. 

The additional benefits on insurance policies seem far more important than selling the actual policy. You have consultants not selling £500-£4000 insurance policies and getting out of selling them, making excuses not to sell the policy because it doesn’t have legal cover at £28 on it or a hire car at £20 and they don’t want the backlash from the TL for messing the teams sales stats up. This is insane and I’d be amazed if the people at the top of the company know this is what happens ever day without fail.. Constant criticism regardless of performance. Team leaders manipulate stats to make themselves look good with no consideration for the actual performance, only the arbitrary numbers. Violent and sexual misconduct reported to HR but covered up and brushed under the rug.. No progression unless you’re friends with managers, target driven, all about what you’re doing wrong but no praise when you do something right, number not a person, don’t care about your personal life. Hard working remotely in current climate. Unsociable hours some times but that's compensated for. Technology is an issue at the moment. Long hours
Managers not friendly 
Weekends
Loads of targets. Very busy all the time 
Sometimes unfair targets 
Not a lot of chance for progression. There are no cons found. Pay, promotion, external recruitment favoured. Holiday hours are usually booked up quickly. - Ridiculous targets
- No empathy from management. Very unpleasant company to work for. No real complaints that I can think of. Wage is a lot lower than other insurers and when this is pointed out to management you will be told that you have great benefits. However other insurers do offer similar benefits. Bromley HQ is falling apart - poor working environment. Pretty monotonous work and very little room for development. The operating system they were using was decades-old - similar to using ceefax; while it was quick it was full of bugs and difficult to navigate. For this reason, it was very easy to 'fail' monitored calls for forgetting small details (to err is human etc.). Like a lot of these companies, progression tends to be saved for friends of the managers rather than those who would be more skilled. 

If you work on the phones, don't expect to get many public holidays. I think it was just Christmas Day and New Years Day they were closed.. Change is slow and requires lots of approvals. It's like every other call center.. Varying levels of exposure depending on placement.. Can be bureaucratic at times!. You are judged on how much you take from a customer rather than the service provided, completely unethical place to work. 90% of the staff and team leaders are two-faced. People constantly talk behind each others backs and the line managers act up. They expect you to take a call even if it’s one minute before your shift ends. I will only recommend this role if you are looking for short-term work.. Very stressful and can be soul destroying if planning a long term career on the phones.. Target based and not good with sick policy. No major cons, especially if you’re good at what you do and are a team player.. Don't get to pick your rotations. Sporadic hours and unfulfilling work experience.. Graduate scheme randomly select your placements throughout the 3 years and it appears that they completely ignore or disregard your choice in the matter.

It is felt that those in charge of graduate scheme have their favourites within the graduate scheme and pay less attention to "least favourite" graduates.

Serious lack of diversity. There were only 3 ethnic minority individuals selected in the 2018 cohort out of 30+ graduates. I believe this raises questions about the recruitment process.

Graduates are measured against an extremely unfair and unrealistic "checklist" where emphasis is placed entirely on behavioural traits rather than how effectively you do your job role. Feels like you could be gone within your first year.

Highly recommend to anyone who has an idea of what they would like to in their career to avoid this graduate scheme.. Quite a few team leaders focussed on their bonus than the wellbeing of their staff. 

Confidential information of internal staff matters were regulary breached in my experience. 

Dependant on department however you need to be able to withstand a high level of abuse from customers. People from my department experienced homophobic, sexist and racist abuse. Even a death threats. You need to have very thick skin for this role as a large chunk of customers do not trust the insurance sector.. Nothing I can think of. hard to develop in certain teams. Only just started, too soon to comment.. Out of touch management, Ignorant team leaders will put you down or terminate your contract early if you slowly progress into your role due to disabilities.. Pay (but there is lots of benefits which is good). Hard to work in other areas of the business. Targets can be difficult to manage. It is a very large company that means decisions can be slow sometimes.. Nothing specific that I could mention.. Phone stats
Pay - no bonus. Just do what they ask. Do your job and you will be rewarded. Theres no challenges.. Very stats based. 
Unpaid sick for the first six months which you aren’t made aware before the start date. 
A lot of favouritism - some team leaders give out a documented discussion for being 15minutes late after getting a puncture on the motorway on the way into work whilst other colleagues could come into work 45minutes late without a reason and get a shift slide.
Favourites get picked for further development.. Erm... I wish we all had company laptops?. erratic hours, break, lunches, little to no recognition for good work. Absense policies
No set desks
Cafe food. - No negatives working here.. Salary increase can be below inflation.  
Don't expect much from your bonus. 
Headquarter in Bromley. 
Lack of career opportunities. 
Not a great working enviornment. But still mired by a majority of tired and outdated middle management. Sometimes getting things done can take too much time as so many hoops to jump through. However the new focus on agile working and being nimble will make things really interesting and i'm interested to see if this will improve things.. Work can be really busy at times. There is no sensitivity or understanding of mental health conditions. I was singed off work by my GP clearly stating I was not fit to work due to mental health issues. I called work and was immediately told it would be unpaid 'as they can't pay someone who doesn't want to be here'. This obviously made things worse for me. Furthermore I discovered that because of my absence my senior manager wanted to take me to a disciplinary hearing, which again made things worse.. Pay is too low. No bonus for PAs
More apprenticeship recognition to be as big as the graduate programme. Had some horrible shift patterns, 13 hour days and would expect you to take calls until 9pm so would often not finish on time. Restrictive pay increase policies. All talk about mental health, don't actually care.. Systems crash regularly 
Staff look after themselves
Being in a union is frowned upon 
Lack of communication between functions 
Each department can work differently meaning unfair treatment of staff 
High differences in pay between similar roles
Customer service advisors starting wage higher than some existing technical staff. limited scope for progression outside of immediate team or role.. non i can think of. Nothing I really liked it. Bad pay with low increments and bonuses. Poor IT, old technology held back improvement. unsociable hours and long days, also working every 3 weekends not ideal. Remuneration not always great, could do more to value & retain long serving staff!. Departments have different ways of working which can sometimes be unfair to other departments, not much communication between departments, pay rises are minimal and staff within technical roles can be paid the same as someone starting within a customer service role. Management seem to look afterthemselves and try to keep any issues away from HR.  Salaries can fluctuate hugely, even when in the same department. Not much progression within certain departments.. High pressurised reactive environment, workload extremely high to the point where it is unmanageable even when working overtime and base pay for front end employees is a fair bit lower than the market medium which results in a high staff turnover.  Spend most of the time understaffed and the recruitment process takes far too long.. Offices are in Bromley, perfect for suburbanites but not ideal for East Londoners. Not being paid for my responsibility. If you would like to grow and thinking to deliver something amazing and wonderful then avoid this company.. Some appalling practices by certain mangers that were not addressed. Head Office is located in Bromley which is  ot ideal for some but great for others.. Not always good at career progression. No chance to progress unless you are a brown noser. support from management is just a tick box exercise, no one actually does anything to help.
Endless amounts of toxic office politics.
silo environment
loads of IT problems
too many staff coasting alone with no real skillset.. Multi site business so some travel is necessary depending on your role. Still some "old" ways of working.. If a call lasts beyond closing time you have to stay and finish it, whether it be 10 minutes or 40.. Recruitment of management can be based on the wrong skill set at times
Can be slow to update systems, but am aware that this is in the process of changing. We don't have you here - come and join us!!!. No career progression, no development. - Too much process orientated and red-tape. Location as it is in the town centre is terrible as there is no parking available 

I was informed the the job would require me to work every other weekend, however upon joining they suddenly sprung it on the whole team that we would have to work every single Saturday without choice 

If you do not hit targets you will be held accountable no matter what 

Office is constantly hot then freezing with no in between 

You have to be a robot and you should be expected to take call after call without even a sip of water

Lastly this next point is a fact about the insurance industry in general as I have realised it is a very untrustworthy industry which has no real reason why customers prices would go up for car insurance when they don’t have any claims or convictions etc and you are expected to explain this to the customer which nobody believes as the prices are extortionate even with the staff discount you are offered as an employee.

As there is no real reason why customers prices increase when nothing changes customers often give you a low score which impacts your bonus even though you work hard to give a good service if the price is not right for the customers expect your bonus to be affected 

And ps you are expected to arrive 20 minutes before your shift starts as you must be ready to start work at an exact time to the second !!

Management do not really care although they do a good job of acting like it. There is a lot of micro managing which becomes tiring after a while.  Difficult to progress if your not based at certain sites.. Unorganised and high turn over of staff, not much job security. Ancient processes and always playing catch-up rather than leading.. Training opportunities and CII exam sponsorship (or lack of) is quite poor for such a big company.  You get the impression the commercial arm of DLG gets forgotten about compared to the larger personal lines brands / businesses.

Senior management rely too heavily on service / work counting reports which are not accurate and don't show anywhere near all the work an underwriter actually does.  Internal box ticking is seen to be more important than giving a good service to clients. 

High middle to senior level management structures seem to change every couple of months.

There are clear signs of cost cutting with redundancies for long standing, knowledgeable and widely respected staff.

Communication (or lack of) from senior management can be really quite poor at times.  

Countless different systems (some 30+ years old!) required for various tasks.  Significant IT investment needed.  Offshore IT helpdesk is pot luck, some people are brilliant others you can't even understand and are hopeless!. A little bureaucratic and difficult to get things done. Call after call and no time to talk with colleagues apart from breaks. Your downsides to working for this employer cannot be the same as your good reasons. Delivery cycle can be a bit protracted for some smaller projects. None that I can think of. Not a lot really, treat you well. Cost cutting will limit future opportunities, UK only market with diminishing margins will reduce reward levels. Staff stay in the same positions for years meaning little chance of learning.. Can be slow to make decisions
Pockets of bureaucracy that stifles innovation
Employs some people in roles who do not conform to company values or expected behaviours (and are still employed). Outdated practices and lack of true innovation.
CEO doesn’t inspire confidence.
SLT is very cliquey, and even managers are unable to obtain an audience.
Poor people management, both micromanaging and disengaged, very political.
Senior managers often take credit for their staff’s work without giving credit to the original person/team.
Frustration is a key theme due to lack of delivery.
Systems are awful and there are few decent processes/controls.. The hours aren’t brilliant. The cliques 
The only way of progressing would be a team leader route. uncertain to how the future will be effected by legislative and political change. IT system a bit slow on occasion, but this will be fixed as part of IT Transformation program of work.. management run the place like a military camp at times resulting in a lot of people leaving. Infrastructure of the Bromley building is very poor.. Silo working still evident in some business areas. Upcoming changes planned should help with this.. Limited parking 
Bonus
Flexibility 
Progression 
Engagement. Bad shift times. Can be very busy. None but people who don't like working with ambiguity or change may not enjoy themselves. Talented members of staff in lower level positions not developed quick enough (not enough roles) which results in a high staff turnover.. Leaders are bullies  ,  every one is in groups so quite hard to fit in.. Intense caseload, too target driven with  pressures. promotion is decided too much on perception and how "liked" you are with certain crowds. Promotion is a struggle and can take years for as little as just a 2 grand increase. Its absurd and either the increase should be increased or the barrier to entry should be based solely on time/experience in the position.. None that I can think of. Inconsistent team leaders, poor pay rises. DLG Salary < Central London Salary. Understaffed, which means you’re always stressed and have to work under a lot of pressure to get the work done! The systems are very slow too (when it doesn’t crash leaving you unable to do any work at all)! This is all very frustrating!. i really could not say anything bad about working here. The training was terrible and a waste of time as the trainer spent more time chatting to other members of staff,turned up nearly 2 hours late as hungover and having competitions on who can fit the most food in there mouth.There is so much to learn with this role and alot is learning as you go along but you only get shown and told the basics then off you go to stumble through the calls. On occasions when i was unsure what to do i did'nt get the support needed as i had to ask for help every 5 minutes, and was asked to do things ive not even been shown how to do so constantly pestering other CSA's to stop what there doing and show me. I asked for help a couple of times and was ignored including when i didnt know how to map the s drive for the shared email box and was told in a snappy voice by the team leader you have the email for that, the email contained the link but i didnt know how to do it and neither did any other CSA's when i asked. The office at times was unprofessional with staff spending more time on facebook,chatting and messing about including the team leader when the time could have been spent sitting with me to watch over my work and help where needed. Parts of the job were not explained at the interview like the fact you will have to go out to see customers cars to check the damage,tyres,horn etc.... to make sure everything is working then take photos. Times i would be on the phone to a customer with people shouting and swearing in the background or the cleaner ramming the hoover under your desk as your trying to hear the customer on the other end of the line. After reading all the good reviews on here im really disappointed at my experience and have to share what i seen as unfortunately it was not that great.. Unrelenting targets which are sometimes unrealistic. - It used to be a good place to work until a senior hiring was made in DL4B marketing department, now it's all run by nepotism and favoritism.
- Personal Lines is no different, when a position opens it will be given to a friend, with internal candidates ignored without the chance of an interview.
- Extremely rigid structure with lots of politics involved.
- Totally averse to change despite all they say. Changing something costs so much effort and time that it's not worth it.
- No career progression and salaries are dictated by a very rigid old fashion HR system not in touch with the market, which means that you may work extremely hard one year and they will tell you that your salary increase will be 0.05% because you are already being paid the correct amount according to how they benchmarked the position some time 10 years ago... So you will effectively lose purchasing power since salaries won't keep up with inflation.
- Always running behind targets which are set up unrealistically high and without considering that the products don't keep up with the competition so everyone will be stressed out but there will not be much they can actually do and colleagues will be laid off because it's the easiest thing to do. terrible management team
no pay for statuary sick leaves (not sure it is legal)
profit only working environment. It’s a call centre.. Bromley is a bit tough to get to!. Fast paced workplace environment and must do your best. Money could be better there. Nothing  specific but salaries aren’t competitive. Long hours, no increase In Salaries.. Pressure to hit targets, Gossiping. only room for improvement if you fit a certain jigsaw. They need more Managers to supervise. Currently managers are overloaded.. Typical bonuses of around 1.5% if you perform well.. which is poor compared to the competition..
If working in the head office in Bromley, the salaries are based on UK average despite being in Zone 5 (only 10 miles) from central London.. So salaries don't match the competition.
Bonus is delayed 4 months (performance is measured for the year Jan - Dec, bonus not paid until April of following year). Typical call centre churn Cliques KPIs. Risk of redundancy due to restructure. *Not very well organised data. 
*Lack of Space for developing. 
*Pay increase very low every year.. Management trying to  make your role harder to make changes that make little to no difference.

The company itself is great to work for but the management let it down. It's poorly managed and no one takes control of their staff and treat people like adults. It's a great college to gain skills and qualifications to go elsewhere but career progression is very difficult.. Very hard to progress, education budget has recently been shifted to apprenticeship scheme.. Can honestly not think of any Cons.. Our IT systems need upgrading.. no cons that I can think of. Can be a bit bureaucratic - hangover from the RBS days. Sickness and their disciplinary plans are very heavy handed even when medical evidence is submitted. 
Only the right people can achieve career progression. 
Many good agents get overlooked because they don’t fit in with the team leader demographics, regardless of continual outstanding performanc. 
Some team leaders seem to penalise some members more than others, favourism is a big thing in DLG.. Too many stakeholders at times can slow down projects. 

They lose good people in some areas through lack of opportunity for career progression.. None enjoyed every minute. Well...

They have ancient systems that never work and servers always crash,
The managers are all young, immature and inexperienced. 
You get a lovely telling off for taking more than 4 minutes for a "comfort break"
The canteen is awful.
If they overpay you they send you a letter, dodge all the phone calls you make to fix it and then finally sell you to a debt collector.... Pressurised to hit stats and when you don’t external personal circumstances do not get acknowledged - same goes for any time off even if it’s a day purely for sickness or bereavement. none that i can think of. No Company is exist without Cons.. Shocking company to work for. Managers are not supportive in the slightest. No support with issues outside of work that maybe effecting you! The office and the job makes you depressed. Very high staff turnover within the company. I genuinely can't think of a con as such because my experience has been great in the business, if there was a con i would of left the business by now.. It can be tough to be market leading!. The cons to working for DLG is that there needs to be more recognition during peak times to drive the morale.. Nothing really to call out. Lots of office politics, so many suck-ups in this organization. Don’t have any to list, which is great. The job role can sometimes be challenging - but there is always help to hand to put me on the right track and reassure me that I can achieve anything.. It is a challenging role, but what isn't?  The nature of the job means that you will have many ups and downs. On a personal note, there is nothing out of the ordinary that I would consider a con working here. It is just the normal challenges that come with the role I have.. Salaries below average for similar roles in same industry. The pay could be better, alot of other Insurance companies pay more and the building is quite old and outdated.. Redundancies are rife
Cliquey
Not professional, and spoke about staff in an unconfidential way
If you face fit you got the promotion
Terrible Claims Centre system. None at all so far. Canteen could be open longer. None, best place I've ever worked by far. Career progression not entirely encouraged. I have no negative comments about Directline - was simply time for a new challenge for me.. none that i can think of. More flexible working patterns and hours. Awful shifts
Very little chance for progression. None to discuss, very supportive. 1. Long shifts, 8.5-9 hour days, when most of this spent on the phone 1 day can feel like a year.
2. Team leaders are all best mates and most have this idea that they are the best human beings to walk the Earth. They seem to forget they are on the bottom rung of management in a call centre.
3. The worst thing is the clicky/ high school like nature of the building I work in. There are a lot of young people and if you’re not wearing the best clothes or in with the “coolest” people you’re on the outer ring a of the staff.. None off the top of my head! (Cliché I know...). None that I can think of. Too many, top ones being no career progression and  viscious office politics.. sometimes the work load can seem a lot, however enjoy the challenge.. The pay is a bit low and unequal across the teams. at very busy times you are under more pressure and feel like you don't have time to catch a breath, sometime it is difficult to get short notice time off and you cant always book holidays you want. hot desking is something most of us don't like to do, but maybe in the future this will change .. None at all. Happy with my job and workplace.. Entry level pay could be more competitive however, opportunities once you are through the door more than make up for this.. After over 16 years service, I can’t think of a single one. Technology is the biggest concerns but finally we are just about to launch the systems that will support the mission that dlg want to achieve. The pay could be a little more competitive but bonuses and benefits make up for it.. I really enjoy working here but if I'm being picky there are certain repetitive tasks that are expected in the role.. Can't think of any, great place to work. I can't think of any at the moment.. No cons - can't think of any. Cliques are a big thing at DLG. If you’re not in  then you’re screwed. The TL’s and Ops Managers are snakes.  They’re sexist and rude and so very ignorant. I will definitely be reporting this company to the FCA and ACAS.. I am a current employee. It's a very horrible place to work. I had been bullied, harassed so much that my health affected badly that  I could not work anymore and had to give my registration.
My exist made so difficult and stressful.  I will definitely not recommend anybody to 
work for DLG.. Mirco managed by head office. Limited development opportunities. Salary not great. - The parking is not that great with the company car park having a very long waitlist. Caps on bonus and the current IT infrastructure (the whole company is aware of this though and looking to change it).. I have non for DLG.. Nothing at the moment. There can be pressure but that comes with every role and there is so much support from your team and manager so its about having honest conversations and utilising the support around you.. career progression is limited, poor basic. lack of progression, old staff stuck in their ways and dont move over to let hungry and excellent staff to progress. You will always be extremely busy!. No support given to team managers 
Spent most of time running disciplinary meetings
Expected to deliver tough messages to underperforming staff but senior managers don’t back you up if staff complain. 
Call centre style work with limited potential to move elsewhere. None spring to mind - truly!. it can be extremely busy company. large company mentality
Not the best locations of offices. Challenging situations with staffing levels
Knowledge gets lost with contract staff turnover
Location is not ideal for everyone. Limited opportunities/technology restraints which hinder ability to work from home.. As with all jobs you can experience some challenges however leadership are very quick to find a resolution and support in any way they can. I have worked here for 10 years and it just keeps getting better and better. Honestly struggling to think of any cons!. Genuinely, in my first 6 months I can’t think of any.. Being a city centre based office, parking can be expensive.. The systems can be a little slow at times, but that's only a small niggle. Apart from that I've been kept very happy.. Not being cheesy but nothing so far. I think we are good at saying when things are over complicated and need to change. Felt in the dark during the time from accepting the offer to starting the job. After 10 years there is not much I would change. At entry level, like any call centre, it can get a bit repetitive.. Systems not as up to date as they could be. too many over worked managers who are too busy with their added projects that doesnt have enough time for actual teams they are managing.. Awful work life balance, turn down part time requests. Awful management and I’m in HR!!!!. repetitive 
no progression
working only on the phone. Sometimes, the vast number of teams working on change can move so quickly that we have to evaluate lots of different opportunities simultaneously, some of which won't progress.  It can be frustrating to work on something intensely which then doesn't move forward.. IT systems  need more attention. Salary a little below par. Management are hippocritical job worth's... most of them not all.. We are constantly working to improve and develop the business so we don’t have cons as such more areas of improvements. We are currently working to improve our systems and always developing and looking to improve the journey of our staff and customers.. IT system is a bit slow to say the least! Very frustrating. The job is a phone job which can be repetitive, but that’s to be expected. Some evidence of targets driving bad behaviours.. Technology not as upto date as could be. Work in progress.. Direct Line Group is a great company to work for and on top of a good wage, good pension and benefits the half price insurance on home, motor and pet insirance is a fantastic addition.. Not alot to be honest. We get a fair amount of holiday allowance and the pay isn't half that bad either.. No parking. IT systems are outdated.. I have no reason to add any cons. No chances to grow in your career role. Roles aren't stretching
You aren't developed quickly
There's a distinct lack of structure to the scheme, any shortcomings will be down to you to be more proactive
Whilst the company is well established, the scheme is new and needs a lot of work. As a 20 year veteran of DLG, love the way we continue to re-invent and disrupt, as yet I don't see any downsides!. The salary is not very good compared to what you could get doing the same job in the city.. I’ve heard that the pay can be better elsewhere for those that have been here a while although I understand that for new starters it’s really good. Some of the IT systems here are outdated and slow. I also find that large projects are quite often disorganised.. Poor compensation/salary - hire newbies on loads more
Some managers are awful and cannot manage staff adequately
Higher up you go, worse you seem to treat people lower down. Culture - them and us (management and minions)
Team not very joined up. Some IT systems are not up to standard. selfish and un- intelligent management that make mistakes that cost you your job
gave me permission to take calls off my mums doctor went in late due to them snow and traffic and was sacked due to the legitimate reasons (SHOCKING). Slow to change
Low pay
Slow career progress
To big. Nature of the company and opening hours in some departments can lead to odd working hours which won't suit all.. There are none, you reap what you sow!!. I have worked here for 12 years, this has been my first job and i could not fault DLG.. Everything.

Firstly, working hours were awful. I was offered a 'flexible' contract but was fixed so I had to work from 8am one week, then to 8pm the next week. Flexible my back side.

Secondly, I was rejected pay for one whole month because I had to take time off due to mental illness.

Thirdly, I was told that once I had finished at Direct Line, I would receive a final paycheque and some would be recovered which I understood and accepted. On my final payday, I received a letter from them explaining that I was not going to receive anything and I owed them money.

Fourth, the holiday structure was abysmal. You get an allotted amount of holiday through the year, fair enough. What they don't tell you is they they have the 'right' to refuse you having holiday at all and you can't take holiday within 7 days of the day itself. For example, when I had to take the day off because my stepfather had passed away and I had to attend his funeral, they put it down as a sick day and still deducted the pay.

Fifth, they advertise progression opportunities. This is absolutely not the case. Over the 15 months I was there, not a single person in our 120+ workforce were offered the opportunity to even apply for other roles.

Sixth, I suffer with Bipolar disorder and also Chronic Anxiety. One day I had an anxiety attack which would have been enough to make me bed-bound for the following 24 hours had I had it anywhere else. However because I was at work and only had 4 hours left of a shift, I was told I was in a fit enough state to go back on the phone and complete my days work.

Seventh, I had to be retrained four times as they had found that I had been fed incorrect information. How can people get it wrong four times?!?! It's their business.. One word: Management. Favoritism plays a big part in the company from what I’ve seen. A lot of new staff come and go because of this, the company makes no effort to keep employee’s at DLG and don’t give people a reason to stay. DLG will give you the warmest welcome then disregard you shortly after. No matter what department you join you are easily replaceable and that goes for every handler who works there. None, for a company this large there should be but there isn't!. You will never want to leave work. HR advisor breaking confidentiality 
Some Managers treating staff like numbers rather than people
Work life balance is poor - they want more and more out of you and give you very little back in terms of flexibility.. Variable shifts but this can work better for some people. none to mention colleagues are also great. processes
Pay
Performance reviews
Titles are important
Company politics. Sometimes our infrastructure can hinder the pace of change that we want to implement across the group. However we always find ways of getting round it.. Can't be promoted in current role unless a specific role is vacant. That said, DLG is very pro internal secondments and job applications. So there is room to progress, but possibly not in actual role, unless your manager is leaving and you apply for their job.. Not all of the departments are fully onboard with the flexible working as of yet, but it is increasing massively! If you are a new starter you may want to ask this question before you start to ensure it is possible in your area of work.. None that I can think of. There are no Cons of working at DLG. Absolutely no downsides to working for this company. Simply.......none to give right now. Other departments are terrible, poor treatment of staff, shocking salaries and managers  just simply don't know what they are doing. Management in claims area are shocking. You're treated like you're in school. Team leaders and floor managers are all best friends, so good luck if you ever have a grievance with one of them. You get bullied by management and to cover it up they usher you off to another floor. Team leaders are your best mates when it benefits them and when you're willing to do their work for them. Don't expect to get anywhere unless you're willing to work extra hours for free, do other people's work and stick your nose so far up a managers bum you can smell what they're about to eat for breakfast.. No progression
Ridiculous targets
No respect for existing staff members
Nepotism
Monotonous. -No red flags, it's generally a great company to work for, which is why a lot of people stay for many years. No trust from team leaders
Treated like at school
Unable to leave desk despite been physically ill
Lack of respect from team leader. Team leaders have thier favourites to progress within a role.

Long shifts. The relaxed work atmosphere means it's very difficult to actually get any work done.  I personally get annoyed with people talking, listening to music and clearly working as slowly as possible with no consequences for not delivering on their work performance. Equally not much reward for delivering great performance as it kind of balances out across teams and there is very little personal accountability for tasks. 
Most people have been working there for 5-10 years so if you're new it can be quite cliquey. 
There is deffinitely not enough desk space for all the employees and hot desking means you have no idea where or if you will get a desk. Might be on the other side of the office, nowhere near your team. Which is sometimes a pro...
Certain departments really lack structure and management as well as a proper training plan as the consultants are left to pretty much manage and train themselves. 
Everything is extreeeeemely slow paced.. Repetitive boring poor morale hours. Constant reductions in bonus, even though execs say when the company does well so do the staff, but we made 610 million profit this year, I call BS on that.
Get told the company is all about doing more for less, nice to see too level managers and execs get bigger and bigger bonuses each year and what they mean is consultants should do more work and get paid less.
There is no progression here, I have personally seen someone on a 2 year secondment at team leader position and at the end of doing a great job not even get the position, but during secondment you don't get better pay, you keep your existing salary and you then don't get to earn your bonus, so more work and led pay.... again.
Although they have increased salaries to 18k for everyone this year, Bristol is the second most expensive place to live in the country so many still struggle to pay bills and feed themselves with the cost of rent here. Maybe pay more depending on cost of the area you have your office, probably would take much out the 610 mil you made!
Wasted lots of money moving to a new office which is smaller with so few seats we could not expand even if we wanted to and so cramped in now customers get angry because it's so noisy being a few feet away from each other and always swapping desks means colds spread like wild fire!
Only progress if you are matey with the right people and do cheap loads of work outside of your hours.
You can get stuck on a call for 10 mins after your shift and don't get paid it but get reprimanded if 1 min late in the next day. Total micky take with that.
This list could go on really.... Cant think of anything right now. Poor management, Poor environment, poor moral. - Poorly integrated and archaic IT infrastructure and an IT department you get the impression may just be creaking a bit under the weight of the problems.. *Severely limited development within team after a year or so
*Lack of training for software
*Lack of development support from HR
*Lack of development support from Manager
*Pay defined by GGS bandings, most people are less than at medians
*Year on year pay rises have been around 2-3% no matter how well you perform
*Slow progression on business wide projects
*luck of the draw with promotions/career progression
*Some people have to pick up the work of other's slack.. Took a while to receive my contract etc. -Large gap between staff and management in terms of involvement
-Very strict adherence in terms of compliance, quality monitoring and incentive allocation. Development of staff is not ideal, not enough time given by management on that.. I feel for my role there is limited opportunities to progress and now I face moving elsewhere. Progression - beyond claim handling there would be limited progression options I.e. only a few senior/ team leader positions.. The apprenticeship can be really stressful - Trying to learn the job/role while studying for exams. 

Lack of support.

Time strain - the job expects a lot for such little time to do it.. •long recruitment process 
•Job location revealed near the start date so felt disorganised.. The company is very large so in personal lines (personal insurance)  graduates do not get the level of contact from senior managers which they would like at times.

The communication between various departments could be better.

The graduate programme could be more organised at times, some graduates received their placement information later than others and there was confusion around where some graduates would be based. However, that being said the scheme is still very young (2 years in) so some teething problems are to be expected.. No progression, unachievable targets, limited to 4 minutes a day to use the toilet/get a drink, managers have clear favourites, one rule for one and one for another,  managers backstab all staff including other managers....the list is endless.. Pressurised culture
Strict break process and comfort break process. Difficult to move up; usually many people move across (e.g. go on secondments & don't always return).
Pay is below the average, but this could be traded off by the fact that the company is based in outer London.  However, it's still London.
Greater focus on the main effort of the business, with much less focus on areas that support it/make it work (e.g. poor IT projects & procurement).. invest more in you Talent on lower grades. Unfair redundancy plans by senior management. The caseload is nearly in 300s. The pay is too low and not enough training is being given to staff and supervisors. You are constantly tired, stressed out and over worked.. Salary no where near the median salary. Punished for being honest even if you're in the right *I wanted to give work life balance a 0*. Training was a bit too long. Sometimes working in a call centre you can feel a little trapped.. No integrity, no fairness, nepotism rife, managers with no experience/ not fit to be managers, bullying culture, hatred/ignorance of difference/minorities/mental health issues, toothless and cold HR, history of constructive-dismissal, horrible building, awful property maintenance. brand values are a meaningless sham, constantly moving goalposts, ridiculous attitude to complaints that serves no one, board consists of old fashioned white middle class men. Don't join!. Salary is not the best.

Central (HR organised) training is good but local regional training is woeful.

Too much cost cutting / use of offshore. DLG employees don't want jobs going offshore, brokers don't want to deal with offshore so why do it!

Management / structure confusing and widespread use of an incredible amount of acronyms which of course new staff don't understand. 

Middle management reactive rather than proactive.. Sometimes having to deal with rude customers, part of the job description really.. Not staff orientated. 
Not a good work/home balance.
Long and late working hours.
No room for progression
Boring at times.. Bad systems managers awful bullied and discriminating against disabled person I hated every minute I was  there. Not valued as an employee
Toilet breaks are monitored to the second
Work space very dull looking, your view is brick walls. The changing environment can be fustrating at time as a lot of changes impact others which means these can be unstable. But seeing the results is very rewarding. If you want to work in a role that does not change much this may not be the best place for you.. Some of the newer Senior Managers have no idea
Hopeless management strategy
Lack of security
Constant reorganising and change of direction. The whole company seems to be a con.  If you are in a call centre and you are just doomed.  Its a place for fake tans and protein shakers. More muscles than brains. Im sure most of the people who work here watch Love Island, that is how much sad their life is.  Management doesnt care at all about the lower level staff and treat them quite horribly.. I feel like i have been treated very unfairly with Direct Line. I have never been in so much stress from what direct line has put me through, Managers are not very understanding . Would not recommend.. seen as disposable and not valued. Terrible customers, over-worked staff, insane deadlines and targets to meet. Lack of progression within departments. Only a certain amount of team leaders which turn over is extreamly low in my department at least. Salary is not as competitive as other businesses. Too many to list - hands down one of the worst roles/companies ive ever worked for. Hours are ridiculous with 8pm finishes everyday, a week of 10.5 hour shifts on the week you dont have to work a weekend shift, management treat you like your in nursery patronising and sly, team leaders are clueless and do not know how to do the job or use the systems, therefore leaving staff without proper guidance when needing help.. Churchill Court is an older building with a gradual refurb in process, you might get lucky and work in a newer area, or you might not. No work life balance - if you challenge this you are perceived as being negative and not "living the company values"
The team leaders are rushed off their feet and are struggling to cope. Many of them have had time off sick with stress and this is due to pressure from above.. The systems are out of date and the general culture is getting more hardline. Hot desking is coming in and the whole place seems to be a lot more political.. Lots of Late nights.. no room for progression,. No way of challenging decisions. Lack of recognition, progression very limited. Pay rises are very low even for high performers. Uncertainty of future in Birmingham. some unreasonable targets, people manager can be unfair when assigning  tasks to different team members, pay rise can be unfair between different employees. Hard to move upwards, unless prepared to work lengthy secondments. 
Management forgot about employees in decision making.
Job is a thank less task. High turnover
Experienced staff leaving as not being looked after
Can be 300+ calls waiting
It's a 'if your face fits' culture 
Micromanaging
30+ targets to manage if cross trained 
Part time staff are seen as 'odd ends' and not managed properly. Direct Line want to be a great place to work and the majority of departments or business area's are however there are a few that still need to be worked on (and this is being done). Bromley is not idea for some areas of London (NW London & East London) - however from SW London, SE London and Kent, Bromley is a great commute and on an empty train from Victoria, Thameslink and Blackfriars.. Not based in central London ...But Bromley only 17 mins from Victoria .. DLG’s first graduate scheme, so the process has not always been smooth and it is not entirely clear what the overall aim for graduates is after they complete scheme. i.e. will they be given managerial or roles with greater responsibility following completion of the scheme? How can graduates continue to progress within DLG following the graduate scheme, continue to better themselves and what opportunities are there?  

Despite this, it is an extraordinary company and HR who run the graduate programme make every effort to seek out feedback and continually improve the scheme on an ongoing basis. 
I would highly recommend DLG to any graduate aspiring to be fulfil their full potential!. Sometimes the location of our offices can discourage people from considering us as an employer,  however I would recommend looking into the location as there are great links from the south east and central london.. Lack of recognition from management or peers. Everything needs to be completed under the radar.. No progression unless you want to be a team leader and pay is terrible for the job.. Direction changes all the time, teams are constantly moved around meaning no stability, management out of touch with rest of department, bullying ignored by management and HR.. Long distance to travel as most opportunities are not in London.. DLG talks the talk re being customer connected but forgets this should include being connected within as well. Too much inconsistency within management/team leaders. At the end of the day just another call centre.. - Bad IT operations and processes as they still rely on RBS delivery framework
- Higher management are not very helpful to lower grade staff
- Appraisal system and salary increments disgusting
- New Management approach is more theoretical than practical. Can be a touch political
Slow decision making. Bromley is quite ugly. No opportunities for international assignments. High staff turnover as opportunities in London abound.. Not much flexibility with working
Stressful situations. Too orientated to Bromley and Leeds. Counter fraud area is managed poorly with a lot of unhappy staff. staff are over worked and this seems to be a very negative environment to work in.. Lateness's are delt with in the most strictest way even if your one minute late you will be spoken too 100%. long Hours, weekend hours. no spaces for parking unless your a team leader which can be a nuisance. not very good career prospects.. They advertise a certain salary online to entice you then they offer you the minimum which was a little demoralising for someone of my expertise.. Management very unhelpful and unapproachable waiting and listening into call to call ch you out saying something wrong and no praise when you did a excellent job. Long hours, shift patterns, little room to be promoted and training is limited. The industry is very jargon-heavy, which can take timeto assimilate. Probably because of company size, IT equipment and software is outdated.. Some office environments are not as nice as others, need a refresh.. Parking is a bit difficult as based in central town.. Bad pay, shifts, treated like your in nursery.  no chance for promotion.. New starters getting paid more, and managers don't follow up on what they say they will do. Staff are competitive and gossip about each other very unprofessional environment always competing with one another and overall not professional. Some team leaders are lazy. High staff turnover. Limited career progression. No access to parking or help with travel costs.

In the digital arm of the company they don't have a clue. Strategy changes regularly, management talk about innovation but not willing to try new things, management to ready to listen to 'experts' who are not worth their salary. 

Won't invest in tools that help do the job. 

Bullying and mismanagement is common but they are good at keeping it quiet and letting people go. 

To much sneaking about from managment and keeping things from staff on ground.. Everchanging policies/processes/systems can be difficult while trying to maintain BAU work and stakeholder management with the business. they are prepared to make people redundant on a regular basis depending on transformaton programmes etc. Shift work, hard to plan around job. We don't always get it right, but we are also not afraid to put our hands up and say where we went wrong and then focus on the solution and learning from mistakes.. Can inherit some of the old RBS values. Dog eat dog environment. Many people worked hard for promotions only to be demoted again to save the company giving permanent pay rises.. Quality of talent is very low in head office. Competent people tend to leave.
Reliant on loyal back book of customers paying high renewal premiums - not sustainable
Extremely inefficient and slow due to poor technology
Very lazy culture with no ownership. - Not fully structured
- Uncertain where I will be over the three year scheme
- Lots of governance. The ability to work simply and easily with the latest IT and technology- BUT things are already massively improving and you can see how this is going to be improved.. Some discrepancies in level of responsibility given to graduates - some are in leadership or analyst roles as advertised, some are not.. Feedback took over 1 month to be given resulting in a slow response.. Not allowed to use the company's large car park.. More clarity about what the graduate programme entails, especially since many candidates had to relocate!
No more cons at the moment. As this was the first graduate programme that DLG has run in a number of years, it was slightly rushed and the recruitment process could have been smoother, however given the amount of time they had, they did a good job.. I don't have any cons to report as of yet.  I am looking forward to what the future is going to hold here for me.. Some of the systems are dated and frustrating at times. Change can be slowed down sometimes by the amount of people that need to be involved.. The Bromley office is quite dated, but there are plans to modernise it. A lot of our tech and systems are also in the process of being upgraded, so we're in a transition period that can be frustrating at times, but it's come a long way over the past year.. Although there are a number of sites across the UK, the majority of 'head office' type roles are typically only on offer in Bromley due to concentration of their senior management.. First year of a  Graduate scheme may be daunting to some. No progression,management, company values are aload of crap. transformation programme lacking good leadership. Management can sometimes be rude, other departments who look down at you, constant changes of processes and tricky to keep up to date. Not enough variety within the job role. Lack of room to move around or upwards in company with limited job roles, only really faced at being call centre based roles.. Pay is not great 
Promotions only come if you have a lot of contacts. I worked here for over 10 years. A constant revolving door of Senior Managers and Heads of departments. 

Little chance of progression based on performance, skills, experience or qualifications. 

Lots of external hires and often those roles would not be advertised for internal staff. People coronated in to roles without vacancies being advertised.

Several restructures during my time there where management looked after each other to avoid being  made redundant themselves. Although Management were quite happy to sack or make their subordinates redundant.

The leaders and management are far too removed from the front line staff or customers and you hardly ever see them. 

Not an ethical company towards their staff or their customers.. Progression is limited as they have many applicants for internal job opportunities 
Very defined job roles, so there is little variation in your working day. Remuneration for this particular role is low. Ultra-competitive environment, managers promote only the people close to them, company values feel like an HR gimmick. Too many contractors holding senior roles, even the CTO is a contractor and has been in post for a year. 

There are few opportunities for career progression at Direct Line. Lots of staff who have been in their roles for years, some of which have tried to progress but have been unable to do so because of the inability of the company to promote talent. I know this because this issue has been raised in group meetings with managers but nothing has been done apart from empty promises. Too much reliance on bringing in contractors to fill vacancies instead of promoting staff. This leads to a high churn rate. Most of my colleagues who could have left did leaving behind hangers on.. Absolutely NO career progression internally,no support to grow from team leaders,no feedbacks given after interviews,u hardly get any opportunity to get out your present role,they use you one hundred percent of you to complete the job and very little recognition.. 100s if calls queuing at any one time all day everyday. Get hammered on aftercall/wrap and adherence. Like isolation. No time to chat with team. No morale. No composure. False opportunities. Terrible pay rise. Shift patterns ridiculous. No social life balance. Always want you to bend over backward for them.. Pay could be more competitive, plenty of role blockers in management roles, making progression difficult for employees.  Drive for offshoring. The employees who work here are just scared to leave coz of their low self esteem and its filled with gym going bodybuilders who have more muscle than brain and the ladies appear more like cheer leaders than employees.. It seems that managemend does not care about its experience staff.  They prefer to replace them with newer staff members because it is cheaper on their wages.. Ridiculous contradicting targets. Team leaders that think they are Alan Sugar and feed off the 'authority' constantly breathing down your neck. Unhappy staff and a high turnover. 100s of calls constantly waiting.. Can't really think of anything, great atmosphere, great facilities!. Unfortunately too many over promoted less than average managers are in the driving seat.. location, IT,  access to senior management. bad planning worked 30 hours in 3 days
typical call center so lot of call and stressful
early beginning 5am
sitting all day. Shifts are all over the place, you never really get used to them. Terrible management, no career progression, typical false people centric 'values' where reality is very different. Good for a graduate - get some experience and then move on somewhere they actually care about the staff.. Lots of technology restraints due to legacy systems make implementation and new initiatives challenging. Big organisations move slowly which can be frustrating.. Leadership, direction and culture needs addressing.. There aren't any... The only downside for me would be not working here. Typical call centre environment.  No value. No opportunities. No appreciation. If your face fits then your in! Otherwise....... Do what u like.. Meet all the targets.. If they dont like you.. They dont see you! Lots of office politics.. And a very high staff turnover in Manchester.. Simply because staff are unhappy with the working conditions.  Management simply dont give a damn about consultants on the phone... consultants often feel un importsnt, and a general lack of appreciation is felt across the site. Goodness knows how they expect you to have s work life balance.. They expect you to either work weekends or evenings.. No social life!!!!!!!!!. The managers all leave at 5pm and dont work weekends either......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Location for some people. I personally really like Bromley but others would prefer to work in the city.. Stressful, poor management, no work-life balance. - Way too much politics and turf wars between product owners, work streams and other areas of the business - very us and them. 
- A majority of the programme are 3rd party suppliers or contractors, including leadership, who keep their head down, blinkers on and do as much as needed to stick to the contract.
- Company culture/values suffer substancially because there's no buy in from 3rd parties or contractors
- There are known bad/disruptive leaders who are 3rd parties but no effort being made to replace them
- The programme has forgotten that DLG are the customer and many are being walked over by the 3rd parties, talked to disrespectfully etc
- Some leadership talk the talk and walk the walk, but it's few. Leadership who demontrate destructive practices like bullishness, threatening behaviours, blame and embarassment go unchallenged. Everyone else feels that they must rise to this level of communication because they go unchallenged - and they wonder why the culture isn't changing...
- Professional growth not reflected in the wage packet, it's like they want to train people up to prepare them for their next role somewhere else
- No punishment for negligence meaning everyone is pretty relaxed about failure, mainly because majority are 3rd parties who have already had their contracts signed
- Silo mentality being driven by there being no one to string deliverables and timelines together - chaos, mistrust, frustration are all palpable on phone calls.
- A general attitude of acceptance of failure and no desire to deliver to timelines as slippage/failure has been normalised/rebranded.. Minimal promotion prospects or training. Ineffective and dictorial management. Reactive than proactive thinking.. Working hours, how customers treat you, targets, monitored bathroom break... Monitored everything!. Working weekends is the onlly downside and possible late nights. Sales team are run like a 'Cartel'. They work on principles of  'YOU scratch my back, I'll scratch YOURS'. really hard to get noticed and work your way up.
very big company, don't feel very valued.. Some smaller sites such as Ipswich have few managers and as such only their favourites get picked for opportunities and promotions, despite how talented you are. Also few roles are ever available in sites such as Ipswich, so if you want to progress in different routes you have to relocate or leave. Low basic, Sometimes couldn't book holidays.. Pay very hard to increase due to market meridian caps
Lack of IT leadership
Lots of staff turn over
Talks the talk...but needs to walk the walk..... Unflexible with working hours
Disciplinarys come very easily. Gets bogged down in debate/process - can't see the wood for the trees. Company values (created by "the people") are bog-standard and can be contradictory - they also don't appear to apply to people of a certain level of seniority.. Size of the company naturally means you're just a number - however I have worked at other large UK companies that didn't make this feel quite so obvious
Call centre environment
Pay rises once you are in absolutely pitiful. Make sure you start on a salary you'll be happy with for a long time!
If the job I'd applied for had been the one I'd been given may still be there so would recommend you try to find someone currently doing job you are looking at.
IT systems - terrible. They break every day - this may improve new system was having teething symptoms when I was there.
There are too many people who don't pull their weight leaving the few that do to do the majority of the work and they were allowed to get away with it.. Where to begin? 

1) Being falsely accused of something and manager telling me that a meeting would take place the following week in order for both sides to give version of events only to
2) attend the meeting and be told that my employment is being terminated without being able to give my version of events
3) being told that having rushed back from a broken ankle and trains being cancelled is "no excuse for being late" despite showing up to work 1 minute ahead of schedule.
4) being told that I need to inform a colleague if train is running late and to provide evidence. Provide evidence and then called a liar 
5) told to abide by values, which are very good, but it is okay for management to lie to employees
6) management can judge someone guilty without giving a chance to prove innocence 
7). - The shifts are terrible
- No room for development
- Sometimes feel like a con merchant. Too many targets that are out of reach, only one week holiday allowed from June - August, rubbish shift pattern.. Overall strategy in my area is for short term financial gains via offshoring as opposed to better quality in the long term. No real scope for professional growth/development. Lots of contractors with little to no interest in retaining permanent staff. Clear strategy to cut down staff.. Low.salary.computer systems are terrible. Strategy not so clear, doesn't think long term. Too many layers of management, with too many managers unable to make decisions without upwards referral; too many hypocrites covering their own backs at expense of team members; appalling hypocrisy over company values - "do as I say, not as I do" is the mantra followed by many managers and execs. A tendency to recruit people who won't challenge bad decisions or bad behaviours, and to get rid of those that do - a very short-sighted policy as this inevitably results in Emperor's New Clothes Syndrome and an "us and them" culture.

Performance management is largely based on perception and visibility of staff i.e. many managers cannot be bothered to find out what staff actually do, following instead the lazy option of rewarding the smoothest political operators. One third of performance assessment is based on demonstrating the company values - this would be fine if the values were positively demonstrated at all levels of the organisation but, because this isn't the case, high scores against values can only be achieved by those in favour with the "do as I say, not as I do" brigade. This obviously leads to the company values being discredited and not taken seriously by many staff, which is a shame because the values themselves aren't bad at all.

Antiquated IT systems, with no clear technology strategy. Too much reliance on contractors and hugely-expensive consultants when there were experienced permanent  IT staff who could have done a better job -  but too late to remedy now as many were made redundant in the ill-conceived, and insensitively-managed staff reduction programmes of recent years. The IT department has shouldered too much of the blame for high project costs and long delivery timescales when the root cause was the iron hand of RBS that inflicted rigid, uncompromising banking processes on a flexible and agile IT department about 10 years ago. Now that the RBS shackles have been removed, the DL business leaders, most of whom were not around to witness what IT teams could do 10 years ago, decided to attack what they perceived to be the problem - and the consequence of this was that too many excellent and highly competent IT staff were made redundant, with IT managers being replaced by business managers who had little or no experience of running technology teams. Agile IT development processes have been introduced in some areas now, but these are too often abused by business leaders who fail to define requirements clearly i.e. using the excuse that they're working in an "agile" way and therefore don't need to think through their requirements in detail; if you don't know where you're going then you're unlikely to get where you need to be...

Lastly, Bromley HQ is a pain for many people to get to, especially for those who live south or west of London. Road traffic congestion around Bromley is dire and car parking costs are extortionate - 50% more than Croydon, for example. The move from Croydon created huge issues for many existing employees and is a big turn-off for prospective employees.. Show pace of work
Waste money on projects which don't work but when it comes to paying the staff different carrot is shown every year.. Can't fault the company at all. Since ive started we have completely been cut off from RBS and from what I've heard from other employees that have been there longer. The company is so much better off.. The pay. Working here hasn't seen a pay ris ethat in rise with inflation for some years. It's th type of workplace with a 'do more for free' type attitude and because there as so many people who work extra they can get aware with it. I see day after day people leaving for better pay elsewhere and its such a same because it's such a great plave to work!. too many managers/ project managers spoiling the organization. Antiquated technology and out-dated business practices left over from time as part of RBS group.
Whilst the 'company' wants to change, too many people left in the business have no desire to change at all.
Nepotism and 'boys club' within certain areas of management.. - Bromley is where most people work from and unfortunately difficult to get to depending on where you live. It's the most common reason for leaving the organisation.
- Infrastructure currently not that great, but company is investing heavily to change this and heading in the right direction. I worked at the London office of NIG, Directline for 6 months supporting the MD as a PA for a maternity cover. Disgraceful management did not punish bullying, rude staff, blame culture feared by job insecurity, imposed unrealistic targets on staff. Management constant decision changing led to long overtime hours sometimes into the night. Micromanagement. Disciplinaries rife when they want to get rid off you and they do not need you anymore. Unfair practice - you need to be a fighter to withstand the blame imposed on you as they will find any reason. Impossible to develop your career. Management sacking people who they simply did not like...... Soul crushing - nothing is ever good enough.
Less than 4 minutes toilet break a day.
Managers are two faced liars.
If you're half an hour early no one will say anything, if you're a minute late you'll be dressed down in front of 100 colleagues.
"Living the values" is utter wash and lies.
Having to meet the "points per hour" target otherwise a so called "action contract" will be put against you.
Having to lie everyday to customers about letters being "lost".
The old mainframe system running UIS is out of date and is not fit for purpose.
Customers will shout and scream and swear at you but this is "part of your job".
Periodic 1-to-1 is there to dress you down and make you feel worthless.
Having to deal with a call in less than 5 minutes and be expected to sell a product or upgrade within this.
HR and payroll take no responsibility whatsoever.
You'll spend half of your time clearing up other departments errors.
The list can go on but certainly Ipswich office is a bad place to work.. Old school sometimes as a lot of people have been there for years.. Job opportunity is pretty bad
The people there are not that good
The culture is not great either. I had great hopes when I joined Direct Line Group, but unfortunately I soon found that behind the employee glossy brochures there was very little.  Direct Line Group talk about their behaviours and values, but again this is window dressing as in practice you are treated as a number not a person.  There are so many layers to the DLG organisation that as an employee it is hard to find the person responsible for a particular task as so many people will be involved ... no wonder our insurance premiums are so expensive ...!. If you're an achiever you will get an annual pay rise of £60
DirectLine will constantly cut your bonus so that you 'work harder'
You will be allowed four minutes a day for bathroom breaks
You will do two different jobs (sales and retention) for no extra pay/salary increases
You will take abuse daily from customers
You will be under a heavy burden because so many staff leave or are signed off for weeks at a time with work related stress
You will be asked to lie to customers daily about if this is the best price for them for their insurance. Bad management, hideous performance management, legacy systems, very bad IT, disgusting culture of people.. Not many to think of but perhaps more onsite parking for the city centre locations.. total lack on innovation, process, bloated middle management, nothing gets done, regardless of the endless meetings. Business seems to fight fires rather than plan strategically for the future.
Bromley!!!
Losing buisness hand over fist to other competitors! (in a serious way!!!!). Large company bureaucracy making DLG less responsive to dynamic market environment. The strategy and strategic vision is not clear. The divestiture from RBS has caused confusion within the organisation, and they seem to be reactive as opposed to proactive overall. Growth and cost savings programmes are not aligned and tied to an overall vision.. Becoming more and more of a 'cut-throat' environment
Poor prioritisation ability. Very stringent targets, shift patterns and working hours are generally tiresome. They demand alot from their employees and can be inflexible with request for taking leave. Leadership and employee reward from management has become worse since being taken over by RBS.. There have been a lot of new systems introduced over the last ten years, so sometimes things get complicated and messy. We all pull together though to work through things.. not appropriately rewarded for job done. General level of management poor. Poor company performance, limited bonus potential and lots of outsourcing. I do not know any cons. management, career progression, other, NA. They got alot of rules. Wider recognition for achievements could be a challenge at times (the firm was going through a period of change / new ownership), so uncertainty amongst some rubbed off on others.. Very limited/Zero opportunity to step up, The establishment has a culture of hiring externally rather than internally.. Over worked and below average salary. Leadership. Employees are not valued.. Company in interesting place and not all ducks in a row. Less support given than would have been helpful. Employees had to forgo annual raises for the past two years as they prepared to sell the company to an investment group and the executives who handled that received golden parachute packages after the acquisition was complete. Annual performance bonuses are part of the compensation package but even if you exceed performance objectives they will come up with some reason not to pay the promised bonus. Zero home office oversight of middle management.. Far too much admin and process heavy, clunky, disorganised and fragmented.  Due to heavy workloads, everyone is too preoccupied with their own work to collaborate.. The company was going through restructuring. Lack of opportunity to move internally.. There are no cons in my opinion. Poor business performance (large CAT events) over the last few years and lead to very poor salary increases and bonuses.. There are company culture challenges to overcome.. Working in harsh whether conditions.. Never received the promised bonus. Way too admin heavy, feels like too much process for the sake of process, nothing happens quickly
Management need to lead by example, not something they have been good at to date.. Management - organisation - tools - software (absence) - data quality.. Legacy of old management decisions. New management. I saw the company lose a lot of talent due to a re -structure; perhaps more could have been done to keep them.. Poor management, somehow hardly anyone last 5+ years.. Bureaucracy, rigidity,  resistance to change. some processes could be more automated. Insular and clicky management team stiffle growth resulting in poor employee moral. Clueless and greedy leadership.. Company is lacking stability. Changes are constant and inconsistent. There's a revolving door of personnel--people joining and leaving frequently.. Falling morale during the sale process and implementation of efficiency programme. Too much micromanagement when more collaborative work would bring improved efficiency and harmony.. Management

Management

Unfortunately there's some lazy and useless employees too. Absolutely the worst management. HR is completely incompetent and downright insulting to employees.. Culture and management is toxic. Poor management decisions have caused the company to be likely to be sold or highly outsourced in the near future. Systems are not enterprise level or best in class. Lots of work arounds required.. Unstable and high turnover in management. Low job security.. Very political and need to be in with the right people.. Bad management (lots of micromanagement). Poor management negates some of the company ethos. Poor performers aren't dealt with at any level, good performers aren't supported by management.. "Sink or swim"  environment is not for everyone. Stretched with respect to systems and processes. Terrible HR dept. Employees hired and fired at will. Understaffed. Aspen spirit? Nope, every man or woman for themselves. Currently a high turn over of staff, not a surprise given the low morale.. - Often out of date processes/ ways of working or communicating information. Some people opposed change.. not a big company, not many opportunities and cut throat environment. managers are on their own and hire and fire at will.. Let go over terms that were explainable.  When brought up to HR was ignored.. Run by incompetent senior finance team that have absolutely no idea about anything. 

UK Finance senior management have big egos and hire "yes" people rather than based on merit. 

Stay as far away as possible.. Work can be dull in the back office. Some perks are being cut here and there.. No cons for working in Aspen. smaller insurance company
minimal formal training. Poor leadership within US Legal, HR, Finance and IT.. Everything. They are misleading their investors. Executives could and should  face jail time.. The Aspen spirit seems to be lost, over ambitious goals, many management changes created employees division.. Terrible HR department who really don't know how to operate in many areas. Systems need investment and the Aspen Spirit, well I never felt it.. Like all companies today, no raises, minimal bonuses for everyone except the executives.. Do as say not as I do. They do not value employees. HR does nothing to improve culture. Company is extremely boring. Holiday party was sad. Computers are extremely slow and old but management does not see value in investing in staff and IT. Lack of infrastructure, the new US Leadership has over promised and is under delivering.. Terrible Culture felt unwanted and overworked.. Claims to be innovative, collaborative, and fun - ABSOLUTELY NOT. Title matters, bad culture, poor communication.. fast growth has led to some siloing and slow processes. Succession plan and training depends on who you are.  Aspen is more likely to bring people in from outside than retain and promote from within.. Bad senior staff, awful HR team, culture is horrific. People get promoted in this company for the wrong reasons. HR does nothing to your complaints and does not listen to anything you have to say. The get rid of good people and the slackers get promoted and HR and Senior leaders let their staff run around complaining and being disruptive in the work place with no repercussions.. Bonus promotions salary and that's it. Very flat team structure meant no opportunity to progress my career so I had to move employer.. Blame culture, terrible environment to work especially in Finance which is run by people that have extremely limited knowledge of what they are doing. 
I would stay well clear if I was you.

All senior leaders work in a way to not get caught and protect themselves rather than do what is best for the company and their teams.. The US leadership needed a change. Overworked employees, constantly changing deliverables from US senior leadership.  To many changes in US senior leadership - where favoritism is rampant.. As an attorney, I found that opportunities for advancement were few. Company is growing rapidly and is going through some growing pains.. Poor Management!!! Rules are made up according to you who are. The support staff is micro managed. Morale is very low is this small setting office. Support staff has no one to go to for issues or concerns. Very small office with a lot of politics. Not a good place to work if you are part of the support staff. Anything goes here. No office rules, unless Management decides to make up a rule for that particular day. A good place to work if you are an Underwriter or  Manager; others stay far away. Stuck up co-workers and long hours. You are challenged lots by people who are not experts in your field so you have to be thick skinned and resilient.. There can be some internal politics but people learn to coexist
Resources stretched thin at times, employees asked to perform multiple roles they may be new to. No clear direction.  Four changes in direct management within 6 months.. Senior managment of insurance operations changes frequently, leading to changes in underwriting strategy that can upset brokers and clients. Head office management is in UK and has different appreciation of US market and challenges. Politics in US Insurance Segment. Still trying to establish the appropriate business processes based on the size of the organisation. Although, this is a comment obstacle for companies who have gone through significant growth.. No cons, good company.  Would recommend to friends. Good benefits and salaries, friendly colleagues, good location, nice offices.  Would recommend to a friend.  Defnitely enjoy working here.. Communication from execs is terrible. 
Communication from HR is terrible. 
The pay is terrible.
The merit adjustments have been terrible. This year I got 1.5%. Last year I got nothing
No career advancement opportunities.
Little adoption of industry standard technology company wide. Some teams work with newer frameworks, but some large applications are on .Net Framework 4.0 with no serious plans to modernize.. Executive levels are not interested in how they treat their employees. There is no Diversity & Inclusion at all, even though the company posts about it often on their websites. The rich executives bragged about how much money the company made, and then gave out 1% raises to encompass two years time. We all have to answer to someone, someday for how we treated our fellow human beings. Are you prepared?. This company simply does not care about their employees. There is no career path and no interest in providing any development opportunities to anyone. I have directly asked what it will take to get me to the next level in my career and multiple managers have either ignored me or dismissed my questions.

Managers are there because they were friends with someone above them and that’s how they got promoted or they got brought over when a more senior manager was hired. 

They do not value diversity at all. Pretty much everyone in management is a white male. I have dealt with a racist manager and HR took their side when I filed a complaint. I have dealt with managers who micromanage and harass and there is nothing you can do about it. These are managers who will do this to one employee but then treat others differently depending on how much they like them. There are poor performers who have their files cherry picked for them so on paper they appear to be doing well. 

During Covid the workload doubled resulting in us having or work nights and weekends to stay caught up. In claims you have to do this because otherwise customers get upset who then complain to managers who then put you on an performance plan because they ignore the fact that you can’t do the job in 8 hours because of the workload. The managers then talk about how much they like seeing people work weekends because it shows how dedicated they are. 

Finally, in 2020 the company did not do raises because they were concerned about the impact of Covid which is fair. But what actually happened is the company thrived, they announced at every meeting and in many announcements how well the company was doing. They also talked a lot in 2020 about rewarding performance. Then when it came to raises in 2021 they did 1% for everyone. This does not even cover for inflation over 2 years. And high performers didn’t matter, they got 1% too.. no parking
no real raises, after 4 years i am at 15.22 per hour. inconsistency with how company is ran. - Low compensation
-Low bonus amounts
-Won't let employees work remotely
- Not a lot of career growth opportunities. Bad culture, or lack of. Unrealistic expectations,high turn over, and upper management just can't see straight. No raises in 2020, no raises this year either though. Terrible horrible in house claims management software. Time machine to the 90s.. Too much work per adjuster. It really seems like the company is trying to get people to leave based on their actions. It seems like every few weeks we hear of something from the top down that makes us question how much the company really values us.

It's to the point many of us are just waiting for the other shoe to drop on merit as we haven't heard anything yet and we're expecting it to be bad like other years. A lot of my friends are looking and trying to time offers based on what we hear back. I know our managers have always fought for us but it seems like over the last few years (even prior to Covid), the company has not been paying us well. I've seen a lot of really talented friends leave because they're getting a lot better pay elsewhere and a few in recent months got jobs within a few weeks of looking. We've even seen some of our top managers go recently and it feels like there's going to be so many more people following suit. 

In addition, the company keeps doing other things that make us question if they truly care one bit about their talent: recently, they announced out of nowhere that they expect everyone back to the office on June 1st, despite the fact that many other companies are surveying their employees and providing more flexibility with a return to office policy. That didn't happen here. On one hand, we were told that we were most likely going to maintain an open wfh policy in the near future, but bam...nope. Sounds like our boss is pushing back, but we're not very confident that we'll have the options we are looking for. There are some I've talked to who found remote to be very productive and have long commutes who plan on leaving if they are forced back. 

Not to mention it appears as if top leadership has a "tough luck" type of attitude. One of our recent town halls seemed to indicate that if we don't have a good period for merit..."get over it...life is tough". Not to mention, that same exec boasted about getting their own bonus last year during Covid as if that's an indicator that we are doing well as a company and the rest of us should be happy with that.. virtually no training, IT org is a mess. My location doesn’t matter. I’m intentionally hiding it simply because those within the C Suite might attempt to go after my Regional VP, Director, and/or Manager. These individuals are doing their best with the tools they’ve been given. What tools you ask? Exactly. 

I used to adore this company, but over many years it has become apparent, the company has no heart or soul. They care solely about profit and the profits will only go to a select few. You are not a beneficiary. You are a pawn. This is the epitome of a narcissistic sociopathic leadership team living in a glass castle; unwilling and unable to display any sort of actual human empathy. I feel betrayed. The employees feel betrayed. Those above me feel betrayed. Meanwhile, it’s fine, because those in the C-Suite are fine. The pandemic is over. We can all get on with it. They want to get back to their giant oversized corner offices in the Financial District. And I’m sure all these males (they are men by the way, because women and BIPOC, for that matter, aren’t allowed in the C-Suite), are perfectly healthy. In case you haven’t personally experienced it, it doesn’t seem like the company cares about disabled employees. But, let’s get back to the monochromatic men of the C-Suite. These men have experienced a different pandemic than you and I. Perhaps you were personally touched by COVID. Perhaps your family members died as a result of COVID. Perhaps you had COVID. Perhaps you are high risk and the pandemic is shown you just how dispensable society thinks you are. But the people in our C-Suite, they aren’t disproportionately likely to get COVID. They fit all the checkboxes so nicely. And they are in that class, you know the one, yes that 1% group. They do not take the subway to get to Maiden Lane. Oh no, not them. They are socially distanced. The maid will do the grocery shopping. The nannies will take care of their kids. What do you mean the schools aren’t open? The Au Pair can’t help you with that? And C-Suite spouses, those ladies are at home. There’s no worries of high risk family members. They didn’t see people who look like them get COVID. It doesn’t affect them. But that social isolation, that was the hard part. It was a different kind of pandemic. 

Now, let’s go somewhere else in the country. Maybe Cleveland, maybe Sunny California or Florida. There are no fancy corner offices here. There are just rows of white bench seating. Google does it, so why shouldn’t we? Open floorplans are all the rage folks! 3 feet to your right will be another co-worker, to your left there’s Sally sneezing away loudly. In front of you, is another co-worker, catty-corner is Harry and Tom is on the other side of him. You have 5 other people within 6 feet of you. You can hear, see, and smell everything. Except for your mask, which is now preventing you from smelling, and you must wear it 8 hours a day because you sit in a room with 100 other people. You are not 6 feet away. Don’t worry though, the C-Suite has it in writing that they will have you 6 feet socially distanced, so they can’t get into any real trouble. You won’t be though. 3 feet is sufficient! Because they refuse to spend money to make you safe. Hell, you couldn’t get your raise last year! Do you think you’re getting plexiglass? Need to drink some water? Tough! You can’t do that on the floor with 100 people nearby. Is everyone vaccinated? Methinks not! Do you share the restroom with other tenants in your building? Tough! 100% capacity is expected on June 1st. Why? Because the pandemic is over! OSHA and CDC Guidelines-what’s that? The CEO has declared himself Dr. Fauci. Off to the slaughterhouse! It's just the flu.

Now, let’s get back to your pandemic. This is the pandemic 99% of us experienced. You worked harder than ever. You were thankful your employer seemed to care when the chips were down. During this past year, you put in countless hours as many of your fellow employees were let go and turnover became an issue. You didn’t mind. They demanded more and more, increasing the goals and began to use metrics that are not even always accurate (our system sucks, it’s not DOS, but it’s one step up). The goals now include unrealistic items such as no litigation over 20%. Really? Who came up with that one? Who is the genius? Back to your pandemic-during your pandemic you lost faith in our institutions, governments, and in each other. You saw the worst in people. The selfishness. You saw people turn masks into political tools. You had friends and families who did not follow the government recommendations and went out mask less with friends and family-to hell with the vulnerable in society! I always thought in a true crisis humanity would come together, but what we saw instead was that many people will simply discard vulnerable people and essential workers. Public health and facts were treated as suggestions and sometimes as lies. 2020 has changed the way many of us interact with the world. The impact has lingered. And it feels like AmTrust has decided we too are expendable. They say that once people reach a certain income level, their humanity decreases. I do not want to believe that is true, but I’ve seen it. It happens, but usually it’s at a very high level. Money can insulate you from risk, noise, inconvenience. Aislar (this is Spanish for “to insulate”). This is what many people do as they get more money. I’m sure the C-Suite has never rode a bus, but this is how it starts. You ride a bus, you have to interact with others. Then you get money, you buy a car, no more bus. You are isolating yourself. It’s clear the C-Suite has cut themselves off from the rest of society. They no longer view us as human or worthy of life. Apparently, some of you in the C-Suite allege you are religious. I know you are likely unfamiliar with this book, but I will say this as it stands true: And again I say unto you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God!

Insurance is all about risk, and they are comfortable risking your life and your family’s life. This is a liability if ever there were. Did they forget how quickly germs spread on an open floor? Did I mention they didn’t give anyone any bonuses or raises last year? They just changed the performance review period instead. Score one for the C-Suite. Here’s the main thing though: You have the ability to work from home 100% remotely. You aren’t a store clerk or a hairdresser. You can do your job from anywhere and have been. But now, even though, they could easily allow you to work from home, you can’t. You must come in. Let’s wait for the outbreaks. Russian roulette anyone? 

AmTrust is the Nickelback of insurance carriers! 

By the way, when do you ever plan on diversifying your Board of Directors? It’s 2021.. They seriously sent an email saying everyone is going back to full time in the office as of 6/1. We don't care if you have had a a vaccine. No kitchen access. Queues for elevators. The video production was very professional of "we know you've missed hearing your co-workers on the phone"... no. no one has missed that. Record growth and they are treating people like disposable pawns. If you are high risk? Take that up with our disability provider. NOTHING about this shows any care or compassion for employees.. Micromanagement is prevalent in all areas and more so in IT. A very stressful environment that comes from the top down.. -Forcing full workforce back to in office work June 1st
-No merit or cost of living increases during pandemic
-Lack of opportunities to move up in company
-Many coworkers have been leaving the company
-Furloughed many people during the pandemic, claimed we had one of our best summers in years and then permanently eliminated those positions, while not notifying  managers 
-For the past year executive management spoke of a phased approach back to the office and one day we receive a firm date to return out of no where. No advancement
Long hours
Small bonus
Small yearly salary increase
Mayhem. Management needs to show they care about their people. being on the same page is a difficult concept and interdepartmental communication is lacking. Work load is ridiculous and infrastructure needs work. Laid off with no notice. Not a lot of upward mobility unless someone leaves the business first.. - No progression in the company. many layers of management; no local decision making. Management treats their employees very poorly unless they are part of the tribe. Management tells employees to leave favorable reviews which stand out like sore thumbs on this page. The M.O. here is to work you into the ground and beat down your confidence until you become submissive. The best thing I ever did was flee.. *upper management is toxic and has no idea how to actually do the jobs they make guidelines for
*workload is too high, as are expectations
*expectations for employees to exceed perfection and no acknowledgement this is not possible, just punishment 
*no extra help or assistance provided during pandemic, just more work and somehow higher expectations 
*you are doing to work of 10 people and the work of other departments with no extra help, programs, rewards, raises etc
*you
 *upper management constantly patting themselves on the back for doing nothing but making our jobs worse. Silos, worked like a dog with no recognition or reward. Not Applicable as this is a great company. COVID - 19 keeps us from getting together to collaborate on opportunities.. I have nothing relevant to mention. Bad management have no idea what they are doing. Management does not hear out the lower employees. Pay pay pay pay pay. Privately held global Fortune 500 company in the Insurance & Financial Services industry that is not a well known one or as established as it could be yet due to the fact that company is still growing and maturing to date. Although it has established a niche in the marketplace for Workers Compensation and Small Business, it needs to expand and build on the footprint it currently has in other sectors to grow even more and become a household name.. I can't really think of any cons. Working from home full time can be a little isolating, but I feel that it is necessary at this time.. No home office for main meetings. Salary is low
Caseload is high. Unreasonable expectations, horrible system, negative environment. lack of structural organization .. Work life balance
Bit stressful
Manage a lot of claims. - Terrible shabby office in Nottingham, while the corporate office in London is all swish.
- Management have no idea how to deliver technology projects.
- Business Partners who fight amongst themselves and play office politics.
- Too much interference from parent company in USA. Too much red tape, advice isnt often taken on.. Bad management and mixed directions. Employees over worked and addition tasks added with no additional pay and mandatory overtime.  Management is Manipulative. Computer systems technical issue and its employees fault. No employee trust. Laid off in December with 18 other employees and than they turned around in January and started hiring again. To add they also imported our jobs to the Philippines. Great job, AmTrust! I do not recommend working for them. They are good putting up a front.. Claims system, lack of communication, pay , management, and adaptability. Doesn’t seem to follow regulations well. Not employee centric
CIO couldn’t care less about the team. 2ish months of the year they make you go to a 9:30-6pm shift to handle phones for the department. Not a good work-life balance. 

Sometimes management doesn't communicate well, especially in regards to updating employees on information.

QA scores are based off of 20%ish of your audits, but if you are working on other tasks and only do audits occassionally your QA score can be ridiculous if you get only one QA. 

Really horrendous training. My training was to basically sit with a coworker for two weeks and hope that they run into the different things you need to know. The managers treat you like you should know everything even if you have never been told about it. If you ask one person how to do something you'll get a completely different answer than if you ask someone else (this goes for asking different managers their opinion as well). Noone seems to be on the same page about how to do things. However, they are supposed to be revamping their training this year. 

Also, they told me in my interview that there is many opportunities to move up in the department.. but its really just being an auditor, being a senior auditor, or being a manager. Not really a chance to move up unless someone who has been there for years quits. Otherwise you would have to change departments to "move up" in the company.

Higher ups pushed a new audit software too quickly. Suprise suprise, its awful and not user friendly for doing regular audits.. typical corporate company where you are treated as just another cog in the machine. Upper management doesn’t understand what load management is. Over works employees. All of it, does not recommend. Claims department deteriorating. Incredible emphasis on data. Little respect for knowledge or fighting to save $. More supervisors than workers - I have 6 bosses right now.. Supervisors micro manage too much. Company has it’s favorites.. favoritism, nepotism and some other stuff. Overall a great atmosphere with great people, but it can be demanding. None I can think of.. Workload
Limited upward mobility 
Unrealistic vision from upper management. Some departments are better than others when it comes to management.. They don’t treat employees fair. A large amount of Executive turnover in 2018 & 2019. Some changes were positives, but quality VP and higher level employees left at the same time. The vacuum was filled with a nepotistic placement of under-qualified people along with new ownership's consultants that ran things temporarily after going private. Changing from a insourced, industry differentiated model, the move to consultants and third party resources along with constant reductions in force has caused an environment of low expectations, fear and detachment. COVID and WFH have made the environment worse due to the lack of socialization. Because of the management structure and lock down of process changes there is little to no ability to move up or grow.

Talking to former co-workers is like talking to Debbie Downer. "I didn't get a bonus" wah wah. "Jobs are moving to Jersey" wah wah. "I just work 9 to 5 and do not see a need to work hard" wah wah. "Well you know AmTrust" wah wah. It's a depressed environment and no one explains why or how the future will be better.. Poor management, unprofessional work environment.. Disconnect between management and the workforce
Rely heavily on metrics and employee tracking over being involved with projects
More concerned with who to blame than how to resolve problems
Outdated technology with a massive amount of technical debt
Little room for advancement and self development. makes promises they can't/don't keep. The career development path is what you make of it, as a formal plan is not in place.. When layoffs were executed, the overall work histories were not taken into consideration.. Many changes internally so you must be able to adapt to rapid change. This may not be a con but could be if you are unable to multi task & adapt to an ever changing work environment.. No such negative thing about AmTrust.. The environment is not set up to promote career or personal growth. There is no training on company systems or software. Plus a lot of the knowledge is siloed to specific individuals who are reluctant to pass it on due to job security.. Low pay for work provided. Bonuses are deferred and lower than competitors. If not at NY office, no advancement. Very understaffed.. Not always organized. A lot of management switches. Work load is ver high. At times it could be a bit Unorganized. Difficulty communicating up
Great initiatives in engaging workforce, but not always followed my action. Low raises. No yearly bonus. Everything is on a managers basis.. poor management and lack of good supervisors. Management, no culture, no diversity, money focussed. I prefer not to say any here.. Have to think on that one. There were no big cons, claims is claims.. No wiggle room for growth.. No training, poor management, no structure awful pay. Toxic environment.. Upward mobility is slow. Takes many years to advance. Unfortunately, employees would leave to try to move up the ladder in this field.. compensation, no work family balance, there was no opportunities to advance in other departments or positions. Not many promotion opportunities internally. Job growth, none, none, none. There's no big opening for promotions, and salaries are rarely raised. You're only casual on Fridays. Positions not needed since everyone works from home.. Poor processes, project management. Cargo cult usage of agile methodology.. Depending on the department you are in the work/life balance can be a little lopsided for spans of time throughout the year.. Upper management leadership, disorganization across all levels.. Outsourcing, micromanaging, incompetent management at all levels, bonuses reduced by over 90% , raises have gone away. Micromanagement and favorites play a big part in the toxic culture.. dont now what to say. I can't think of any significant cons.. Extremely underpaid, understaffed, management plays favorites, no room for promotions, poor health insurance benefits, very stressful, office environment is toxic, no privacy in the office as there are no cubicles. Learning curve is huge and continuing training is minimal. I would like the ability to work from home permanently, maybe going into the office once a week post-covid.. A couple of downsides to working at AmTrust Financial are that there could be more opportunities for advancement, higher compensation, and flexibility to work remotely full time.. The Claims system is antiquated and cumbersome to use
Data reporting is extremely difficult. Micro, Nepotism, Bias manager who don't care about their team.. This is the only company I've ever worked for where I feel like management is working against me. The standards remain so high yet they give you virtually no tools to succeed. The claims system feels like it is from the early 2000s. They just "upgraded" part of the system but it is actually worse than it was before. Management is completely out of touch with reality and employees are set up to fail. They recently furloughed many employees and the rest of us have caseloads at 160+. Despite that they push forward with ridiculous projects. We are constantly reminded that our activity is being monitored. Raises were canceled this year. Bonuses were a joke. Morale is incredibly low yet management says and does nothing. Most of us would leave if any other companies were hiring. Just an awful place to work.. Poor upper management decisions acquiring companies, then having to lay off people in departments across the company lead to low morale and fear of being let go.  SEC fined them big time for underreporting loss reserves.   Be ready to work after hours.  Seems hard to trust given volatility in this young company.. Some growing pains that come along with being a relatively young company.. The number one problem is upper management. Various companies are bought and sold on a regular basis with the only apparent motive being to make money when they are sold off, which leads to widespread job insecurity in the workforce. In addition, when layoffs are made (which is often) they are handled in such a poor manner that there is not a polite way to describe it. Poor business decisions are made by upper management and imposed on the various companies with predictable economic results.. Everything. No upper management support. Constant fear of being let go. Pay is low and there’s a ton of work.. -No real direction in any department.
-Little employee development.
-Constant layoffs. If you are looking for job security, this is not the place. The other reviews mentioning this are accurate.. Not at the moment, The company is good .. Never know when the next mass firing will be.
Management feedback is lacking for example you have 1 yearly review.
Submitted goals as required by company and were never followed up with.
Only received substantial pay increase after seeking other employment and then getting a counter offer from HR.
Growth and acceleration are highly dependent on the team you are placed on.. good management provided excellent guidence. Management needs to better communicate their corporate vision and allow for input.. Small business focus limits growth. No progression
Management 
Office atmosphere
Poor recruitment led to incompetent team members. Archaic office structure, seasoned employees are old school. Leadership doesn't know what they are doing.. everyone else is looking for a new job. Manager was not very good. Poor leadership. Owner/CEO means well, but senior leaders are driving the org into the ground. 
Agency using Amtrust as bottom barrel carrier for worker’s compensation.
Business leaders are not qualified to be managing.
Mass layoffs has damaged moral.. They are starting a new program to bring case Mgmt in-house. It is being poorly planned and poorly executed. Management is dictatorial and dismissive, rude and condescending. The IT issues are insurmountable and nobody has the situation understood nor managed. They are myopic and  narcissistic.. Technology.   As a company some things feel like they are pretty behind the times.. Processes could be better streamlined and organized for large projects.. I wish I could meet more people around the country that work with me.. Management need to be better. Management isn't always clear about our goals.. Job security due to occasional layoffs, overall company structure. Management is very clickish and unprofessional.  They make everyone with experience appear as though they do not know what they are doing. They will write you up for irrelevant things so when it's time for a raise or promotion they have a reason to deny you that benefit.  The work is tedious and  you have to write a request and report for basic claims handling. There is no work life balance as the claim counts are too high.  The supervisors do not know any more than you, they are not helpful and treat you based on how much they like you not how much you know.. No consistency, revolving door of employees,  people will throw you under the bus and get away with it. Pay can be better and if the new employee is making more with less experience is a problem.. Outsourcing, executive management's lack of vision.. The management, however, were not working with staff to help them along in their career. There was also no way to move to another team once hired in.. Micromanage you to death. Higher ups have no clue leading to all the good people leaving.. No special events that are worth while, promised bonus that they retracted one, toxic bosses, if you are social you will hate it. No career progression for my unfortunately. Slow,  time, watching, talking, running. Limited room for growth. No continuing education benefits.. The company needs to devote more resources to their IT/Computer operations. Lack of progression, if you wish to climb the ladder it is not the company for you.. It's gone through a lot of growth recently and the company is trying to find it's footing
Extremely limited WFH
401k matching
Downtown. Different departments do not really interact with others at the company. - Management use scare tactics, do not care about employees wellbeing or progression unless they are among the favoured few. There is a dead atmosphere on the 8th floor whereby staff are afraid to talk and are never supported. 
- Massively high turnover on this floor. 
- Progression - promotions are given out to those in favour and often are never even advertised. When they are advertised, those people interviewing already know who they are going to hire internally - this happened most recently July/August of 2019 whereby an org chart was already seen by numerous staff prior to any advertisements.
- Communication is awful. Teams do not work alongside each other. Internal relationship building is not supported and so you feel very segregated. 
- When new staff start, there is no welcome or introduction or induction plan.
- Numerous good and senior/experienced staff members leaving all for the same reasons above.. Micro-managing managers  favoritism;. Growth and salary. 
At least for me, it was not challenging enough and became boring after a while. For others, it may be that simple job that gets you a simple paycheck.. The company culture is poor, and they don't take employee feedback seriously, no one can make a decision to progress any work. Bottlenecks occur at level to the detriment of morale and business. Terrible communication.. No communication, although the benefits are great they are a bit expensive, no true direction. Mishandled Management - uneven expected output between development teams while others do nothing all day. You must be able to adapt to an ever changing environment.  But thats what keeps you growing so really it’s a pro!. For overall, I'd say nothing to complain.. Mismanagement runs rampant through this organization
No job security - Layoffs multiple times a year
Lack of communication between business groups
Weak leadership. Difficulty growing and obtaining promotions.. AmTrust does what makes them money, not what's best for their policyholders.  They do not try to do the right thing, which is something I can't stomach any longer.. It's 2018, no processes, systems, policies, accountability, strategy or delivery.
Blunt USA management approach to a UK workforce with a shocking turnover rate.. Management, no room for improvement. salary,
Business,
Insecurity,
Management ,
it is in cleveland. - Company is massively cost cutting IT, with layoffs and outsourcing, with no signs of it stopping
- Middle management is trending to micro management due to pressure from upper management
- Zero career pathing. I do not have any cons as of yet.. no career development or personal development plans, staff not valued, poor pay, uncertainty. No employee engagement, nobody acknowledges you, managers are in their role because they are friends of the family who runs the company, bonuses are not given to everyone, managers know nothing about IT and the company is ran very poorly.. They can't get anyone in the door so they have their employees trying to boost their reviews on Glassdoor. The environment is very toxic and the company overall is unstable. The good employees were either laid off or quit because they know they can get better else where.. Difficult to advance within the company.  Ask for top dollar going in because it is difficult to get a decent raise or bonus. High stress among the entire company. Otherwise great place to work.. Sometimes it is a little bit of chaos otherwise all good. No cons to speak of.. Management, IT system, raises, downtown Cle traffic and parking. It's ready, fire, aim sometimes. * Claim systems out of date. Needs to be updated to match current technology. Although training has been sufficient for my learning style, a structured training program may be more beneficial for other learners. Changes that impact individuals should be vetted more to keep morale up.. Poor inexperienced management team.. Structure of claims assistant hierarchy . Regional supervisor (CA) ineffective in an unnecessary role. Changes are made regularly, but only to appear effective.  No interest in "hearing" anyone below an Sr. Adjuster. Advancement/recognition is not based on  performance or tenure, it's based on whether or not you're a kiss-up. Inefficient procedures, suggestions for improvements fall on deaf ears.. No transparency, people from outside the company will know something before you do.. Company restructuring made for instability. I cannot think of anything negative. Hire unqualified management. Over work  adjuster under appreciate. Nepotism at its finest. I’ve watched so many qualified people get passed up for positions because one of the supervisors had a friend that needed a job. Most are beyond under qualified but management does nothing to fix it.. You will not have the ability to work on new projects often. 95% of the work is maintenance on legacy systems. Manager's are inexperienced and will lead you nowhere and will not allow you to grow to your full potential.. Going downhill
Always changing management
Making cuts. Culture was a bit rough to navigate and highly resistant to the much needed adjustments in process procedure and technology.
 As with any organization redefining itself, problems exist and are well hidden.. Upper management tells you one thing, the complete opposite occurs. No organizational structure, no growth opportunities, no trust in upper management, no leadership, and lack of tools to fully do the job at hand.. There is no real direction the company is headed.  They are not transparent in how they have the lay offs annually and the Executives to the Senior Leadership to the Managers lack communication.  They are not on the same page and there is no accountability for any actions that they take.  If you are a minority or a woman you won't see many in manager or leadership positions and if you look up the UK law on their gender payment gap is very large.  For every 1E women earn 62p making  meaning women are paid 43.4% lower.  This is the big problem you will see working at Amtrust.  HR will write below that they will take this into consideration or are working through addressing this pay gap and I urge you DO NOT believe it.  Much of what is pushed at Amtrust is great sales people who promise change and order but there is none of that.  There are no career paths and they can say "Amtrust Forward" is going to bring that but it's again a bunch of sales with no direction and actions.. Unexpected  decisions and direction changes  are implemented overnight. Lots of changes, not clear direction after the company went private.. Since company has gone private nothing but lay offs and confusion. No work life balance. Work load is not manageable. Amtrust used to be a good company to work for.. Not competitive pay, no growth opportunities, outdated technology, management still living in 50th last century. On the top of it nepotism, favoritism, no corporate culture.. Work could be a little dull but that was more due to the position I held than the company itself. Reduction in force eliminated my job. Upper management dictates and doesn't want any input from staff. staff has a good work life balance. lack of communication from management. Very few - everyone works hard, hours are longer for some than others.. Everything  management is horrible. This company just laid off over 40 people in two days.. It’s like high school. Managers aren’t educated and have their positions based on who they know not what they know. If you are smarter or faster or grasp the concept too quickly, instead if being appreciated and noticed. Management will complain and claim you have a bad attitude.. Thay are reorganizing at this time.  Still a great company.. They keep getting rid of great people and keeping the dead weight.  It takes forever to get anything done because the corporate culture is 'That's not my job' and those people seem to be rewarded for doing very little. 

They went Private recently and are 'going back to basics' but aren't actively doing anything beside laying off hundreds of people.. The business  only thinks thinks aboutAccounting Profit.  Recently, they company has been outsourcing most of the IT work to India.   If you want to have job security or planning a long term career, its not the ideal place for you. Upper management is a mixture of  ignorance and arrogance .  The most capable  and intelligent employees have left or been laid off.. Below average pay. Long hours.  The company is currently outsourcing 90 percent of the IT staff. It is selling off most of the LOB's.  Those who will be kept, mostly management,  have little to no knowledge in managing employees or exactly what their employees actually do.  The company is in turmoil. Employees if not laid off or in the process of Layoff are planning on leaving. The whole environment is toxic and smacks of failure. Raises are nonexistent unless your are are a part of the click. Bonuses are given only to the favorites. The future outlook is extremely poor. Run away!. A lot changes have been made by the company with most of people I've known or been good friends with have been let go or they've decided to leave.. Everything. This company will expect everything from you.. This is just a horrible place to work. My experiences here have been nothing short of awful. I was hired for one job, but then given another. There is rampant NEPOTISM at the top and bottom. There are massive LAYOFFS going on all the time. The atmosphere is TOXIC. All of the good reviews at the top are written by a team of people attempting to make AmTrust look better than it is. RUN AWAY!. Slightly strict work environment and a lack of personal milestones.. Poor managemnt, unnecessary reporting guidelines, no training, extremely heavy workload, archaic computers, unrealistic expectations and no job security.. Restructuring is a fancy word for layoffs, placing employees in alternative positions, and moving employees to new supervisors 
The company didn’t have an HR department. They had an anti human resource department
System is outdated by 25 years
Upper management in some regions can be ruthless
Open floor plan with no cubicles or walls or privacy. It’s a call center 
Soul sucking job dehumanizes it’s employees
Morale is declining
Lack of communication 
Branch managers and supervisors leave
Lack of job security
No work life balance
Work will spill into your personal life and weekends
Unrealistic expectations 
No support or tools
Everyone at that company is planning on quitting 
Lack of diversity in upper management
Gender bias. No career path forward. Poor training. Below industry standard benefits. Poor management. Poor work environment (STRESS overload). No job security. Reactive environment, no proactive thinking. Check the box mentality. Lack of direction, ship with no sails or rudder in a storm. Gender bias.. There is significant turmoil and employment uncertainty with the reversion back to privately owned status.. Strict with sickness 
Repetitive 
More team meetings. Lack of Diversity & Nepotism - The C-Level, with one exception is middle aged jewish males.  That one exception covers two out of three criteria that seems to be needed to be at the top.  They are all friends and family of one half of the owning entities.  At least half do not have the background to be in their current positions, which has been proven by the consultants that are actually calling the shots at AmTrust.  Almost all Minority managers have been let go or have left due to mistreatment.  The NYC is literally segregated between two floors, with employees similar to the C-Level mentioned above on one floor and everyone else on the floor below.  I’m a jewish man myself, but seeing the lack of diversity and cliques are detrimental to the business, morale and ethical ideals.  

Financial Issues - After multiple years of putting out bad numbers, the company went private, mostly due to public scrutiny but also to keep as much of their accounting ineptitude behind closed doors.  The former finance leader still works for the company apparently until things are cleaned up.  The company became bloated, which is being cleaned up with ongoing RIFs and there were many bad M&A deals that are now being sold off.  AmTrust got into many LOBs they did know how to integrate properly.

Storm of Events - Three major events happened 3-4 years ago.  The original founder, a brilliant businessman passed away which left leadership which only had AmTrust on their resume in charge.  A change in external auditing firms, brought a fine tooth comb into the bookkeeping which exposed a great deal of issues and caused everyone to make knee-jerk decisions.  The purchase of Tower, a failed insurance company, putting their leadership in high level positions especially in areas where they made big mistakes leading to their demise (Spending, UW/Actuary).  

Entrepreneurial doesn’t mean what you think.  There are some cases where it has worked out.  Good people getting promotions.  For the most part though, entrepreneurial means doing other people’s jobs, who have either left, been fired or never existed in the first place, in order to do your job.  Vacuums are constantly being created and you begin to look as a failure as you may rely on the missing service.  Anyone that has been recruited can tell you they are not doing they job they were hired to do.  For a few people it’s a good thing.  For most, it means 60-80 hour weeks.  Entrepreneurial also means having the ability to be cold and betray your co-workers.   Many managers are pitted against each other to see who comes up with the cheapest and fastest solution.  Rarely the best.  The word is heavily used wrongly in recruiting materials to bring in young, low salary people.. Bench style seating, micro-managed,  heavy workload. None to list here. No room for growth
Management is not the best. No raises 
Benefits
Favoritism
Support
Not employee centric 
No opportunity for advancement. The pay here is below industry standards for most positions, raises are usually only 2%, promises of a bonus for only a select few from management to receive and there is no room for growth. The department you start in is usually where you will stay as there isn’t any training to assist you with learning the skills necessary to move to a higher position.. i think the pay structure needs to be over hauled. i get basically an inflation adjustment every year but it's hardly enough to cover comfortable living expenses.  even though i have gotten a raise each year i'm still making the same as new employees even though i have been here for 5 years. No growth potential for female employees. Upper management has a mold for what a leader looks like to them and unfortunately that mold does not include being female or a minority. There is a cultural of favoritism that runs rampant and has caused them to lose many young talented individuals to competitors. Management also makes promises they never intend to keep. They really try to get you in the door only to squander your full potential.. poor training, poor management, poor employee morale. Company recently went Private (2019).
There is NO clarity or communication between management, upper management, or departments on direction, procedures, or decisions.
Company 'values' are laughable. You are completely disposable.
Very Little to NO opportunity for advancement.
NO merit increases worth mentioning.
Management is VERY politicized.
Little transparency on company decisions or changes. If any communication is sent, it is generic fluff. CEO is a posh figurehead.. The field can be forgotten by Home Office.. During the first round of layoffs we received an email and we're told by management that this was not a first in many more rounds of layoffs and we're guaranteed our jobs. They lied. I actually was lucky enough to not be in the group that got let go. I submitted my resignation first and found a different job right away. The company also got into a very shady situation with some whistleblowers and other tax problems. Everything was smelling as if someone was seriously having ethical issues and making the company look better than it was at the time. I know many coworkers who work so hard for the company and got laid off and most of them have steady jobs now somewhere else. I'm thankful for the 2 years I spent there, but I would strongly discourage you from buying stock or considering getting a job here. If you get hired you won't be there for long. They have supervisors there that are extremely mean and  really just disatisfied with their lives and want others to feel the same way. I went to HR and reported this behavior several times and even provided a log of my interactions with this particular supervisor and until this day he is still employed by them. Even though I know many people who left because of how condescending this person was, HR never addressed the issue. Now in 2019 more layoffs, run away and find a career elsewhere.. The biggest problem Amtrust faces is the upper management. As an insurance company, they place IT near the bottom of the stack. At the end of 2017, Amtrust began a large reorganization effort, for IT this means cost cutting! In 2018, we had a large layoff at the beginning of the year, lousy pay raises, and many senior developers began leaving with no effort on Amtrust's part to either hold onto these people with a pay raise or even to back fill these positions with new hires! All this, without any transparency on the part of upper managements.  All in all, it feels like Amtrust is trying to pull the rug out from under their IT department!. As the company gets bigger, more "mid levels" are being added; increased bureaucracy. Sometimes not structured in certain processes but improving. The right hand does not know what the left hand is doing in this place. You can ask 5 people a question and each one will give you a different answer or direct you to someone else. The opinions of the employees are not taken into consideration although the employees have the direct hands on knowledge of problems and issues that are seen everyday. This is a place to gain experience and move on. Tough skin required.. lack of clear communication from upper management
lack of career movement. The need for ID cards. Timesheets: I’m not used to filling out timesheets as a salary employee but I understand the benefit to the company and I’m getting used to it.. Would like to do more activities with other departments to expand my network.. Everything else. Layoffs are looking, everyone is scared and jumping ship. Management has started leaving, people who leave aren't replaced. Read the writing on the wall, and get out, it isn't getting better.. Forgive me for being ambiguous for some parts of this, but pretty much all of this is going to boil down to "Ariel is creating a gloomy environment where many of us are expecting another round of layoffs," so I can't go too much into detail otherwise I'll state confidential information.

Recently, Ariel Gorelik, the new CIO, announced to the  that the company is going to be selling off and outsourcing some of its IT infrastructure, and consolidating some of its IT. Whenever he was asked about this, Ariel responded that those of us "good at our jobs" didn't have anything to worry about, but the whole time we were left in the dark as to HOW management was to evaluate us. Currently, the company asks that employees fill out timesheets through two programs, one per-project, and the other more or less per-department. However, in order to log our time for a project, the project head needs to add us to it, and since the system is designed to keep us in the dark, half the freakin' time we aren't made aware of who the project head is! What should take 15 minutes can easily drag into hours because of us requiring to relearn how to fill in a timesheet because Ariel found a new toy online and wanted to throw money at it.

This was the same man who delivered a 100-member layoff last year, without explaining what evaluation they used, telling us that they were going to start evaluating us again, while reducing the size of IT, following the company going private.

I had a coworker, sweet young lady who constantly gets yelled at by business because of that Wim Hovens quote, break down later that night and through the rest of the workweek until we talked about all of her worries, because she saw what was on the wall.

I know people who quit months after the last layoff Ariel delivered because Ariel failed to make those of us that stayed confident in our futures with Amtrust, among them people whom I can't even say their titles of, for fear of inviting backlash against their professional careers. I still work with people, brilliant people, who are preparing to leave, or would happily sign up for a round of layoffs just because it means not waiting for the one afterwards. When I look at my workstation, I see men and women, both more powerful and smarter than I am, repeating what my own gut is telling me. 

Maybe in a couple years, this will blow over, but in the meantime, that weight of doom will be sitting with every pause in work, every second waiting for a business analyst to get back to me, every meeting, every elevator ride... every quiet moment... and whenever you're sitting there for 8 hours a day in front of a computer, you get a lot of quiet moments.... Large company so there are layers of management.. Micromanagement is the way of this company. There is no autonomy. Claims Adjusters are nothing more than glorified clerical assistants who cant make a single decision without management approval and if the decision was wrong the Supervisors will throw their people under the bus to make themselves look good.   They place unrealistic timeframes on the adjusters to complete tasks. None of the timeframes  in this company is industry standard. They change policies and procedures via email which rarely makes it to the desk level until you do it wrong...then you are in trouble for doing it wrong.  No training and no advancement. Leadership is lacking - if you want to learn what not to do as a leader, this is a great place to do it. If you can withstand lackluster or even incompetent leadership, you can get by here. You would not strive or grow professionally, but you can learn quite a lot.. Bad management, they don’t have a clue about harassment. If you are looking for management to know what’s going on-this is the place for you. Most managers here are in management for the first time and don’t stay long-longest length is two years. They then go to another company with their management experience. This company has the lowest ratings for a reason. If you are over 50 you won’t be here long. You are micromanaged out the door.. Going private with a company known to outsource and VC partnership which means cuts to keep the bottom line as low as possible.. Short of staff
Multiple claims
Slow to promote 
No bonus. Little room for growth; no bonus offered; very small yearly 'merit' raise; compensation is well below the average for similar positions/duties; some management can show favoritism.. They rolled out a new time tracking program (MPO) that has made it very frustrating to enter in time because there has not been any formal training and a lot of the projects that we need to bill our time is not loaded yet, which requires an email to the support team to have it added (which usually takes 10 to 15 minutes so it's not too bad). 

I have moved desks 5 times in my 11+ months, but that seemed to be a result of all the shuffling of teams due to the reorg.

They are reviewing the worth of some older applications which would mean that some teams will be broken up and allocated to other teams, but this process has been moving at a snail's pace and that means that we have less and less work to do each Sprint, which causes some days where you are struggling to find things to work on.. some disconnect between home office and the field. Not for everyone especially if not entrepreneurial. Was sure how stable the company was. Lot of lay offs when I was leaving.. Zero training/ tuition reibursment for classes needed to keep up with large data sets that are constantly growing. Learn sql/access tricks from stackoverflow or youtube videos outside work hours (no access to youtube during the work hours).  For new business concepts you rely on your direct manager which might or might not have time to tech. Complex / unique situations arise frequently.. The company is in the process of privatization and there are some changes that seem to be on the horizon.. Managers and supervisors are worthless. All supervisors are good for is changing procedures on the fly, allowing you to work from home whenever you want, and any HR related items.  Training just does not exist here be prepared to learn on your own. Asking a supervisor a question will just lead to that supervisor going to someone they supervises for an answer to give you. This is due to supervisors not knowing anything about the application or products their employees work on. The department always tries to set up training's and workshops on meaningless topics. Agile at amtrust doesn't mean Agile but it means Agile plus randomness that goes on here. Supervisors are not supposed to influence teams in any such way but here at Amtrust they do just that.  Supervisors and managers hire their family and friends to sit around and do  nothing what so ever to collect that paycheck.. No room for innovation. When taking strides to improve performance it is largely rejected due to other employees being unable to negotiate technology. You are a paycheck, not a person.. Management is horrible at branch level. Unsure if it goes above that, doesn’t seem to be since other offices are way less restrictive and actually trust their people to do the job they were hired for. WFH is threatened regularly. Everything is a threat. There is no positive feedback at all. Your files are severely micromanaged from multiple people. All the monthly audits done are completely subjective and unfair, yet performances and raises are based on them. There is no straight forward performance objectives. They are up for interpretation and dependent on who is reviewing your file and can be biased. Policies change weekly so no one knows what to do anymore and no one seems to care. Everyone is unhappy and looking for employment elsewhere.. Fairly new here, no complaints so far. -Constant state of chaos. There are constantly changes to procedures which make everyone's jobs harder. It appears that decisions are made on a whim without any foresight or input from those who actually have to do the work. 
-Overly demanding local and senior management
-Unreasonably high work load
-Constant Turnover
-Having to do work on empty desks due to high turnover/vacancies 
-Lack of respect for employees who have been asked to do more than their fair share.. Hard to move up in the company if you want to become a claims adjuster at this time . Company has not promoted internal candidates to claims adjuster training in a while.  Training needs for assistants need to be more clear so everyone is on the same page.. This place comes off as decent and that they care about their people, but they don't. It's all about the bottom line no matter how miserable their people are. The managers (not Supervisors) lie and change dates on your request emails to make it look like you sent it to them on a different day just so they can hide the fact that they didn't do their job in a timely manner. That seems illegal to me. I have no faith in management at this point and am biding my time until I can leave.. Management who have no idea of the business. Waiting for Training program fo inhouse. No open communication from managers. I don’t have a lot of cons. Not very upfront and honest. Constantly chaotic and everything's on fire... all the time
Executives are grossly out of touch with their worker pool
Barely developed solutions and processes are constantly being pushed and then pulled back entirely or edited leaving everyone confused and frustrated. 
They've had 2 reorg's and a layoff in one year
 Push for speed over quality and then get aggressive when there are(forewarned) issues
Pretty high stress if you care about what you're putting out. everything and everyone else really is messy. Development could be a bit disorganized, but they were working to fix that when I left.. * Can sometime feel like highschool
* Could offer more training and guidance to learning system. Bad management, some managers clearly have no experience and were frivolously put in a position that they are not qualified for. Tried on numerous times to be proactive with my position but never received any feedback. Mistakes are excused for some but not others, so there is no consistency. 
The health benefits are horrendous.. There is not any cons.. No promotion  or recommendations for same. Sometimes it takes a while to get a response to questions and to figure out who to go to for help with certain tasks. Didnt seem like there was room to grow. Remote leadership was out of touch.. Unprofessional Director and no training was provided! I was handed manuals to read!. Everything about the company is horrible. Currently going through restructuring.. Stop growing by acquisitions and start to grow organically... Growing to fast is what got you in trouble in the first place with all of the "negative-noise" surrounding the organization.. Navigating inter-department issues can be challenging at times. Company has been doing a lot of acquisitions so the environment can change quickly.   Must be able to adapt.. It seems like you work your tail off and you aren't compensated for it. Promotions are few and far between.  The managers don't really have a grasp on what their subordinates do in order to provide accurate compensation.. I hear a lot of developers are unhappy.. Too many to list. AmTrust is not for everyone. Employees are being mistreated and tossed aside. SR Leadership doesn't communicate and appear to not be on the same page. Very little career growth/pathing opportunities. If you're someone that speaks up or ask questions, you're out the door.. spaghetti code, at least my Area was..... had to div in code for weeks to get heads or tails for no avail  sometimes. The entire Infrastructure department was decimated by job cuts, and subsequently everyone good/helpful has left and is leaving.

It’s impossible to get anything done within 6 months that would take me 2 hours on AWS/Azure.. Can’t think of cons to share as the company tries to do the best for the company, employee and shareholders.. Worst company I've ever worked for. Internal training and advancement is promoted but upper management makes it very difficult to be able to move up and you end up feeling very discouraged.. A lot of micromanaging from the senior teams.. Pay could be better for the amount of work you do.. The UW department has some people with the WORST attitude, there is no comradely, no communication and trainers are not patient or experienced in training.  It's silent most of the day because no one talk to each other, so if you like to be bff's with your coworkers, this is not the place for you!! Some people barely even return a "good morning". The manager is completely unaware. VERY EXPENSIVE benefits.. After years of growing through acquisition, the company is now focused on developing the organizational structures needed for a large multi-national insurer. Once these are firmly established, it will be easier for the company to implement new processes and initiatives across the organization.. very unorganized company; misleading on your salary; commission is a joke; "highest sellers" were not even making more than $300 bucks a month extra. Certain managers are extremely traditional. Regular system outages, software is not user-friendly, company feeds you promises (work from home is a myth for most people), bonuses vary significantly among employees, no recognition for outstanding performance. The System can be difficult/limiting.. Everything about the company is terrible.. The company grew massively in a short amount of time. There are some growing pains and there are some uncharted territories. If you want the easy route in work, go find somewhere perfectly stagnant. If you want to be a self-starter, entrepreneur, and a pioneer the company will support you when you take the extra step to help create a structure in your position. The company hasn't plateaued so resilience and growth is mandatory. The growth is a good thing but can be overwhelming to those that want to go on auto-pilot. It is a fast moving train and you tend to see people who were overly ambitious on their skill set and work ethics during their interviews fade out of the organization, even though I find the company overly patient with dead weight on occasion. Could there be a perfect path for everyone established on their first day, sure, could the company already have certain things in place that may make things smoother or easier, sure, but nothing isn’t doable and you’re not set up to fail.. Too much focus on acquisition, not enough focus on integration.. Friends/Family are in upper management position and NOT because they are even remotely knowledgeable about the positions they hold. There are no pathways to promotions, it is an EXTREMELY unprofessional environment and hardly ANY women in management unless they are related or friends with one of the men. The company laid off approx. 100 people once the Tax credits given to them by the City of Cleveland ended.. Like all growing organizations, this Company has some growing pains.  Having said that, they listen and are in perpetual improvement mode.. Division leadership lacks direction and product knowledge.  Shotgun approach to hiring with no understanding of personnel needs.  Very little top down communication regarding Amtrust's direction/future.  Decision makers can be divisive and hold grudges.. Multiple computer systems that aren't totally integrated.  Slow desk computers.. Really I haven't seen any yet!. Not much room to move up. none that I can think of. there is no order to how they perform their jobs. if you are a male you have no chance to defend yourself. they take a women side no matter what and they don't hold males and females to the same standard.. Parking can be tough for those new to working downtown, but plenty of options.. alot is based off who you know and sucking up to people. management, management, management, and management. disorganized company, a lot of internal politiking. Boss structure was never well defined and most the bosses don't seem to care
There was a open position on another team which was not offered internally
Favorites are picked and get better treatment. - It seems the job satisfaction at Amtrust can vary wildly depending on your manager or project.. Penny Wise and Dollar Foolish
Cleveland-centric; less opportunities available in other locations.
Restrictive policies on employees. Poor communication. No one knows what's happening. Lot of politics.. Unless you're married to, best friends with, or related to someone in management you are highly unlikely to get promoted. If you don't play "the game", or if you have different opinions, your career will be stagnant.. Understaffed, always cutting corners, good work product not a priority. Was hired there by management as part of their initiative to revamp the company. Found out after I was hired that they had a lot of internal problems..and I mean, a lot. The company changed focus, lots of management left and my position was in question. I didn't have anything to do for a long time. Overall it was just a very uncomfortable setting. Company has recently had problems with stock valuation. Layoffs were also done in the Cleveland office and were not handled gracefully.. None so far, it's been a great place to work.. Archaic claim system and imaging system.. You are given the impression upon hire that you handle payments and transfer calls to adjusters, but we handle calls regarding a multitude of questions often related to underwriting and things we were not trained for.  The supervisors offer no help and when a mistake is made you are to blame.  This happens every day as the supervisors write people up rather than find solutions.  We were the lowest paid yet required the most knowledge of any department.. Many....
The environment is Toxic and miserable. Management is chaotic; plans and priorities change on a daily basis so you never know where you stand which is demoralising and inefficient. There is little attention to personal career development; AmTrust don't care about individuals. The IT infrastructure is poor, you'll wait weeks for a resolution to basic IT issues.
To get on you'll need to be adept at politics and self promotion.. Lack of urgency from other areas in the company. Too much politics. Little communication with parent company in the US.  Poor leadership in London. Little communication from CEO. No significant changes despite poor record of syndicates. Management, and upper management is not stable. The direction is constantly changing, and new managers are not being trained as they should.. Place falling a part, management doesn't know what they are doing and withhold knowledge to protect their jobs, so as an analyst i spend a lot of time finding out about problems late simple because manager didn't pass information to me or forgot to include me in an email distribution list or didn't extend the invite to the meeting. Company also has no employee training program, I am Certified Excel Expert with expertise in SQL, VBA, and Access as well; I tried to pass this knowledge to other employees but HR didn't want to set up training classes so other employee could learn from me. Company never sent me to any seminars or any kind of training, I almost had to blackmail my manager to send me to the 3 days long seminar with the threat of leaving the company all together. HR is also none existing, I worked for the company for over a year and didn't even get new employee orientation, It had to talk to 5 different employees to just find out where HR sits and how to reach them.. not perfect but working on improving. Formal training for career growth. Management shows favoritism.  Seems to only be hiring younger people.. Management needs to help people be sucessful not fail.. Management is in a total disarray comma changes everyday, lack of organization from above. Micromanagement, favoritism from management. Antiquated system, lack of accountability from management. Parking isn't the most ideal but when it comes with the territory when you work downtown.  AmTrust provides free parking in the muni lot. Its about a 10-15 minute walk but theres also a bus.  They also offer a $50 stipend if you want to park in the parking garage or take the bus.. - Not really any new development going on and more of a support role for 80% of devs. Not a whole lot of working. People prefer to sit around and be lazy instead of doing anything productive. There is mostly sitting around until a BA makes a new requirement or a new problem arises in production.
-  It's easy to get a job here and you get what you hire sometimes. This is probably due to the above comment. There is no need for a lot of developers, so it's easy for people to "hide" around and do very little work.
- You will be pigeon-holed into a team. You could be doing only SQL, only VB.Net, only database stuff, or get lucky and maybe work in C# and VB.Net/SQL.
- Forced to work 8:30-5pm for some reason. They want us to drive in peak rush-hour traffic. Makes no sense.
- They will give you $50 to cover parking (enough for 6 days!) if you don't choose to park in the Muni lot.
- Reading reviews from 2 years ago on here, it doesn't look like anything has changed and nor will it anytime soon.. Parking is expensive unless you use the municipal lot
Can be daunting working for such a large company. None I can think of!. Individual experiences can vary from department to department. There can tend to be a lot of managers in positions that they shouldn't be in.. Upper Management makes knee jerk decisions without consulting employees doing the work on a daily basis and communicates poorly down the chain.  Often times mid level managers don't notice problems until it's too late and try to take blame off themselves in these situations. Seems like everybody has a different boss telling them how to do things so it's hard to work as a team.. very poor moral, managers tend to nitpick especially if you are not in the "click" different rules for different people. They love to play games.. Still figuring out how to be such a large company. Not a lot of communication from the top down.. As indicated by the press release, this company will sell you out to make a quick buck. No loyalty shown to employees who have tenure. Incompetent management at the middle level and too much information is compartmentalized.. Leaders are egotistical and live in ivory towers (have separate lunch rooms and meeting rooms -I am not joking), work life balance is horrible, little recognition, poor integrity, lack of structured training/job objectives/feedback. It’s a company that is so backwards that it can’t recognize or keep good talent. Our department has no clue what is beyond the next week. No vision.. Management will do anything possible to under pay or get out of giving referral bonuses. There is no extra pay for extra work and you will be transferred to a position with more responsibility without even a thought of a raise.. Huge miscommunication between management and the team. Guidelines and directive constantly change without the team being notified. Management only concerned about $ being made (premiums) all day everyday to the point that they constantly nag and harass you to "being in the big bucks". AmTrust compared to other carriers sucks when it comes to pricing, guidelines and coverage offered.  Management will be quick to turn on you and bend over backwards for a broker/agent if they complain about something. Computer systems and servers always crash and practically never work properly. Company doesn't provide office supplies.. no formal training , career development. Only received $60 for parking per month, where parking is normally in excess of$150 per month (I personally hate having to pay for work, gas excluded). It's really easy to get stagnant, and IT teams were not well organized with their projects and tasks. My team specifically had a lot of "I want it I want it" attitude, where if one individual was working on a project, someone else would want to take it instead of working together. Managers on other teams were just plain impossible to work with, and routinely went out of their way to try and throw someone under the bus. When you're on a Tier 3 team, there is literally NO career path (I.E. Engineering for Voice, Security, Network, and Server Engineering). There is no way to move through the ranks and managers seemingly never promote from within, so what ever position you accept you are basically stuck with until you leave (or so it seems). While there were bonuses provided, there was no formal policy on it. You would sort of just get surprised one day from your manager saying "Oh by the way, you're getting a bonus". This is nice, but I would like to see both salary increase and bonuses formalized in the performance review processes.. Very restrictive work environment and antiquated. 30 minute lunch hour, 40 hour work week when most companies have pared down to 35 or 37.5, leaving no time to take care of doctor appointments or minor errands. Not much work life balance. Upper level management micromanage employees. I sat at my desk as a new employee for a month with no work or no files. When I asked for work there was nothing that could be given until upper management said so.. Can’t think of any!. Wish they supplied paper plates, utensils and cups to eat and drink with for breakfast/lunch.. The office is very far from the train station but they do have a shuttle (that you have to pay for).. No on-site cafeteria, but tons of restaurants/food trucks nearby at all times.. Waiting for an elevator up at 8:30 in the morning or an elevator down at 5:00 in the afternoon. It is difficult to work for a company that implements processes and standards without the input of the people directly affected by and using the system. It creates a divide in the work atmosphere.. Nothing to add at this time. This place is awesome. Some terms were not explained, training has been slow. I really don't have many. Not getting to wear jeans every day, having to navigate Grand Central crowds to get to work. That's really it.. Parking for new hires (although temporary) has been a slight inconvenience to those working until 5pm.. Well, when I have to travel to Latham it is a little far 3-4 hours.  However don't do that too often.. -Even though we receive free parking in the Muni Lot, the walk is a little long
-What took me so long to start working for AmTrust?. Training was a little slow because of how busy the department was.. A large company with a lot of moving parts in which to get acclimated.. The units  are too  spread out. None so far as can see. Absolutely nothing all is well. None at this moment. none, a good work environment. Lack of training. Systems are not user friendly.. Very political at the Executive level with many of the folks in roles they may have been good at as a company with $500M in written premium, but not as one with $9B in written premium.  Most acquisitions were not integrated properly and most back end processes are poor (and highly decentralized).   True leadership is really missing - Corporate Communications are lacking and the CEO is a recluse, not a leader of a Fortune 500 company (try to find a picture of him online).. If you work for AmTrust (or one of its many business units) you know the drill.

For perspective employees, please do your research.  Amt was buy happy for years.  Gobbling up a ton of companies to gain market share.  Nothing wrong with that.  However, the mothership is completely disassociated from the ground level business process.  Completely.  As for an organizational structure, there is none. 

Example: Buying two companies that were in direct competition with each other and expecting smooth sailing is a pipe dream. It requires managers defined by action, not unqualified Executives who read Business Insider minutes before a meeting.  Or who think that being loud and unprofessional in meetings are the same things as being prepared and have a clearly defined objective.

Missing: accountability, top down; bottom up,  Knowledge transfer.  Training/educational opportunities for a staff VERY behind on even the most basic skills (effective communication, project management, basic reading comprehension, basic computer skills, etc, etc.)

If you've interviewed and are wondering whether to take the position, I strongly suggest you read all the reviews here, and research as much as you can Amtrust the corporation, and the mood of the market for the unit your thinking of joining.. Nepotism runs rampant within this company. Bad behavior is rewarded by management and poor performers are promoted. Company seems financially unstable within the last year. Most employees are underpaid compared to local averages.. The branch manager still likes to act as if he owns the company create an extremely toxic work environment and makes employees feel as if they need to be on egg shells at all times.. The Lack of knowledge sharing. Company offers free parking but the parking lot is 4 blocks away, I don't mind because it gets me on my feet. If you opt out of the free parking they will offer you a monthly stipend for you to choose a closer lot.. - Hardly any promotions.
- Not much room for advancement.. The pay is decent, but it can be better. However, if you're a CSR that's been with the company for awhile learning new skill sets in multiple queues you would think an increase in pay would be offered. Working in the call center you get the short end of the stick on everything. When you have to contact other departments; either that employee wont answer the phone or they'll give you an attitude.. Health insurance is subpar, parking is expensive and there is no Tuition reimbursement and no training. Communication is poor on all levels of the organization. The work environment is toxic. HR is political and inexperienced and they support management . HR isn't an advocate of their people. There is no OPEN DOOR policy. If you report management for unethical behavior you will be targeted . The department I work in is a revolving door we have a manager who is a micromanager and who treats her employees bad and HR is aware but they cover up for her and this is well documented. So please HR don't comment at the bottom of my comment because HR isn't doing anything to make the workplace better. The moral is low there and there is no room for growth or advancement unless you are part of a click. I have never worked for a company where they hire supervisors from the outside to manage a tenured group and the supervisors have no insurance experience or IT experience and they don't know your job but try to critique you. If you report a manager HR will find a way to get rid of you. In my department atleast 20 people have been fired and others have quit. The systems we work in is outdated. Most employees you talk to are looking for a new job.. Micromanaged and asked to stay in the box.. Management is on a roulette wheel.  Constant changes in managers, with alot of good people pushed down or replaced with management from companies that went under or were bought and poorly run.  Politicians are now in charge instead of people that know how technology works.  There doesn't seem to be strategy.  only band aids.  a lot of effort on putting ideas together but the strategies are left in meeting rooms and forgotten.  the new regime loves to spend money on silly things instead of looking for long term savings.  simple things like pcs are denied while expensive systems are approved easily.  most of my department is looking hard for other jobs which could be their goal right now.. Political culture.
Fear of reporting negative results upwards.
Communication between UK and US could be improved.. salary is below market average, with very little room for advancement. the open door policy is fake.. Rampant mismanagement at all levels of the company.  Inadequate investment in systems and tools.  Lack of accountability at all levels.  Underperforming colleagues.  Tendency to put a band aid on things that need more thorough overhaul, leading to bigger messes downstream.  Lack of thoughtful leadership.. none that I'm aware of. No leadership available 
Downtown I had to pay for parking. >There is a major disconnect between the business side of the organization and IT. Priorities must be clearly communicated to development leads and business stakeholders need to respect the IT process/channels of communication. 

>The way people interact with each other is appalling. Sometimes it feels like high school with all the in-fighting between teams and departments. The level of professionalism is nonexistant.

>Not enough opportunities to grow/learn new things. DEFICIENT HR
no best salaries.
position gets mixed up with service desk. I am a new employee so I do not have any cons at the moment.. Toxic environment with constant change. Lots of questionable behavior from higher ups.. no career ladder; no on site HR or IT; no real employee advocate; SOP doesn't just apply to procedures, policies and protocols - also applies to Senior/Executive Management and their behaviors and lack of true managerial skill. No room for growth. Management can use a little work and the lack of cooperation with other departments make it difficult to complete my work.. -wheel of luck for great supervisor assignment. Some are rock stars some are duds
-disconnect between upper management (including VP up) and real world experience
-zero culture, well unless you are of the culture of flying below the radar to do just enough to stay employed then you are thriving
-Tend to hire people in groups that have enough people and not enough work, and burn out people in other areas that beg and plead for more people. 
-borrowing back employees whom moved to other groups
-travel and reimbursement is out of touch with pricing and software available to handle this
-Internal systems lack enhancements, they purchase just bare bones
-Software development done in house and is totally out of touch with new technology, code, or business need. Breakdown between groups as to what is needed versus what IT builds.
-CIO has a misconception that he can build it better. You can build anything, but only if you pay for great people. You get what you pay for. There is a huge difference in code a $45k developer writes versus a $70k developer writes. You also must train people up. Send them to conferences, pay for certifications, and tuition reimbursement. 
-Business groups need dedicated people whom only work on providing requirements for software development and managing strategy for future projects if you are going to build it in house.
-Disconnect between New York and every other office. The people of AmTrust have ideas to help you make more money, but you need to ask them. Not through some ThinkTank. These are basic operations ideas. This would help with the terrible reviews.. Disconnect between branches. The corporate culture is much different the culture branch by branch. They're very spread out and have a lot of different acquisitions so some of those had existing management in place. There seems to be a disconnect between management at corporate progressing with culture, values, etc and the existing way of business at certain local branches that were acquired.. Horrible Culture, Company promotes and supports bullying and intimidation of employees by out of control managers, No sense of direction, blaming employees for Company deficiencies to avoid giving raises. HR department backs managers at all cost to save their own jobs, they have expanded too quickly while ignoring internal structural challenges by introducing some of the worst and unqualified managerial staff from bankrupt companies. The worst part is that the upper management has no technical clue themselves and they are solely dependent on the lower management to do their bidding. Stay away if you have choices. Due to a lack of formal written policies there can be confusion when it comes to what is allowed versus what is not. This can vary per department and location.

Lack of structure. I listed this as a con because sometimes there isn't a clear answer and you need to be OK with that. You work with your team to figure out the best solution. Some people love this type of environment, some don't. 

Health insurance could be better. Specifically prescription coverage.

There are a good amount of growing pains. AmTrust grows at a rate few other companies experience. This leads to delays in processes and often times there's a lack of communication.. No opportunities for advancement and company going through some tough times.. Downtown traffic, training should be a little more streamlined for the type of work you are doing.. The quality of your supervisor can be good OR not so good, depending on the location and type of work. I have noticed now that the employer is engaged on this site there are more positive reviews. Could HR be creating them? 
There is a reason their stock has fallen. I hope they don't think these reviews will make them look better.  
Pay is terrible!!. My main struggle when starting was trying to remember the names of everyone I met on the first week. So many great people.. No music
The cubical is short. So far I don't have any con's to list.. extremely decentralized however they are working on putting in structure and building up areas that have been extremely lean.. Culture is abysmal. No investment in the workforce. Bad management is permitted even though directors will tell you they know they are terrible.. No training; no career development.
Company hires managers with no management experience and some with no degree.
Hires employees  from outside instead of looking within.
HR doesn't know the first thing about how to keep good employees. If you resign, they do nothing to try to keep you.  Therefore, employees are worthless to them.
Complaints are ignored.
Employees must use noise-cancelling headphones to get any work done.
Extremely small workstations set end-to-end; absolutely no privacy; old chairs, most of them broken and extremely uncomfortable for extended periods of sitting.
Some managers don't know how to manage large departments.
Communication non-existent, hostile, or severely lacking between departments, management and employees.
Best practices not communicated or non-existent. Standards for development and testing are lacking or missing entirely.
Many new hires do not know the first thing about IT.
Experienced, skilled and knowledgeable employees leave after only one or two years; no incentives provided to stay.
Pay not at market rates for quality experienced and skilled employees.
Medical benefits could be hugely better for a Fortune 500 company. 
Policies not consistent among departments (i.e. some have more work-from-home ability than others.)
Extremely low morale in some departments.. Uncertainty about the future. Annual raises are typical I believe for large corporations but we do get yearly bonuses that make up for it.  Not much for any con's in the department I work for in a call center.. can get boring but still good stable job.. The HR team is very bad and they are rude.
Need to change the Hr team.. The atmosphere is terrible.  The teams are like little cliques.  Everyone dresses like they just rolled out of bed.  Management is virtually non existent unless there is a problem.. There were none that I had. Not a lot in this area, biggest issue is communication but it seems to be getting better.. First things first, it is easy to pile on to AmTrust.  I hope this review helps management fix some issues.  

The security hole mentioned in an earlier review totally exists.  There is a massive database that contains very sensitive information that anyone can access because of a major issue, which they try to hide instead of trying to fix.  

Some people here seem to have gotten promoted from nepotism or from outlasting people that have quit. So there are a lot of managers that should not be managing.  Therefore there does not seem to be a coherent plan and every team just does whatever they want.  If 2 teams have an issue, you are just at an impasse and no management will step in. 

It is extremely easy to hide in plain sight.  Meaning their workforce is two or three times larger than it needs to be.  So more than half the people working there either invent work for themselves or just grind the day doing nothing.. Middle managers are unsophisticated.  Need to hire real talent or company will not succeed.  Nepotism runs rampant.  Lack of uniformity with respect to expectations and treatment of employees.. Haven't had any complaints so far! Company seems to be doing well and seem very fair to future and current employs.. Very low salary ranges for middle market employees & TM's ; does not compare well to comparable companies 
: hard to earn a  decent bonus compared to competitors, chinsy  on rental car , No Corporate cc or company car ad a TM; Expenses take forever & always being turned down for ridiculous reasons & cannot expense Internet when work remote ad Territory Manager or other sales , never heard of that before. The employees.  Practically every single person that works at AmTrust is dumb.  Every single task is handled by a few dozen of the company's best employees.

Also, the information security is atrocious. Literally any developer can look up all employee and customer information. If you work at AmTrust, developers can lookup your information (passwords, credit cards, SSNs). If you have done business with Amtrust, developers can lookup your information (passwords, credit cards, SSNs).. Too cheap with benefits.  The growth was so quick that customer service and claims lagged behind,  Way too focused on M&A.. All decisions must be finalized and approved by executives in NY. Lack of resources cause delays completing tasks on time.. Complete mismanagement in the Automotive Divisions Warrentech and OwnerGuard. It can be intimidating at first and sometimes stressful or scary to work in an entrepreneurial environment but once you get the hang of it, you won't want to go back to a regular work/life culture.. Terrible management structure, no one knows who reports to whom
Mangers/departments are pitted against one another
Lack of foresight and planning makes everything last minute or rushed. An HR department that has clear nepotism. -There are very few well-though out processes at Amtrust.
-Too few mid-level managers that are managing too many product teams.
--Most of mid-level management is populated by programmers who are under-resourced and are just moving from one fire to the other.  
--There is no vision regarding what direction a product should go, bugs repeatedly reappear, and developers are left to fend for themselves as mid-level management has no bandwidth to institute training, process, or direction on how to solve basic problems.
-Most tasks could easily be automated if well-thought out processes existed.  It kind of saps morale when one realizes ones talents are needlessly being devoted to unnecessary repetitive tasks.
-The organizational structure of the company outside my department (and even to a degree inside my department) is a mystery to me.. terrible direction from management at all levels. Most jobs are routine and boring. Old technologies, no on the job learning of anything new. A lot of bad managers, poor management and people skills.. Company is in denial of financial outlook and performance of Work Comp book; need to address getting proper rate for exposures. Nothing I like the company. There is quite a range of experiences with IT managers. Very little in the way of policy standards from IT manager to another.. The company is poorly managed by upper management.  Middle management is typically completely incompetent due to being with the company so long, but have not grown with the company itself.  Poor salaries for most employees.. No training; Shady business practices; underestimating losses. No training,  lots of work,  always on call, hurricanes and holidays don't mean anything.  You're time is not your own.  The demands are ridiculous and you are just a number. No home life balance.. Often lots of idle time, and very slow progress in terms of staying up to date. Very little if any upward mobility. In my experience, they don't promote from within.. No work life balance, 30 minute lunch breaks, call center environment set up, feels like a sweat shop, favortism, advancement only if you are favored, too high caseloads, horrible insurance benefits. need to build more structure, process and procedures. You will be picheonholed early. You are in or you are out. So learn and then go and get a better job. The management and people are horrible. Fast growing company still needs name recognition. A lot of the 4-5 star reviews of the past 6 months are fake. I'm not saying this is the worst place ever, but I've heard stories of groups being called into meetings over a rise in negative reviews on glassdoor last summer. That's right, instead of being concerned about work and things to do, there were meetings about glassdoor reviews. This alone shows how mismanaged the company is.

You have a company stuck in the past, present and future. Each group within the company is like working for a different company. The annual raises (if you get one) are skimpy. This place has become a revolving door for talent. BAs, TAs, QA, devs, you name it, leave after 1-2 years for significant reward in leaving for somewhere else. This place has a thing for picking up inexperienced folks to pay low vs hiring experienced folks too, in order to keep quality control high. 

You have a lot of workers who are just unhappy as people. These toxic attitudes run rampant and this is how they treat others as well. If you are a positive person, the people here will put that to the test often. Have you ever got in an elevator and felt hate radiating off of someone, because they were mad that they didn't have the elevator to themselves? That is a daily occurrence here. When it is time to leave, you have people from a higher floor block the door to prevent you from entering the elevator. The people on higher floors who aren't executives of any kind, honestly think they are better than the workers who work on other floors lower in the building. Speaking of executives, I have not had any negative experiences with them personally, but they tend to be somewhere else for meetings.

There is no clear career path or future here. Most leads and managers are in their position by just staying here and not jumping ship. The company's growth is played in a big part by acquiring other companies. Chatter about the future tends to bring up how long we have before we are acquired by one of the bigger companies. The rapid growth of the company makes it questionable how sustainable it even is.. Work load isn't distributed evenly as a free good employers get most of the load. Most managers are incompetent. Nepotism runs rampant. Most VPs have that title simply because of time there, not their skill or leadership abilities.. I cannot think of any.. The theme on this site is very true.  Management is not great at managing.  Code goes to production without being tested.  When things go bad managers don't know how to handle it and go crazy looking for fixes.  It seems like they put the best coders in charge and that is not a good thing.  I think The recruiters may be putting fake posts on this site. I think there needs to be a clear, company-wide organizational chart.. Poor communication between departments and documentation.. Very cheap
Poor pay compared to industry
No bonus structure or incentive based pay so no way for strong performers to better themselves
Extremely lofty goals but no bonus or incentive to motivate you to reach goals. Management is picked based on incorrect reasons. - if you aren't a strong performer, AmTrust will hold you accountable. Software and database development is mismanaged by people who don't have high level architectural or organizational experience.. Growing company so lots of growing pains. In reading the current Reviews about AmTrust it is clear nothing has improved there. The incompetent management, favoritism, nepotism, lack of communication/training, inadequate systems, subpar salaries, and poor treatment of employees is the same as when I worked there. Hard work was not recognized. My manager was a rude, toxic, mean woman who didn't even say Good Morning to her staff! She exuded an air of superiority and was not approachable. She was only available to her favorites and they also acted rudely toward everyone and acted like they were better than others. Childish and immature behavior. The IT and Worker's Comp people in Ohio were unfriendly and uncooperative. The systems were a joke and didn't work properly. There was little to no training and no one would share knowledge or help with questions. It appears AmTrust is still a dysfunctional company. My condolences to their current employees.. Need to do a better job of onboarding between new staff and acquisitions.  Too many different processes because of all the change.. Unfortunately, even the best salaries cannot make up for the toxic work environment.  Human Resources caters to immature and unprofessional employees who constantly complain about co-workers, supervisors and managers, which just reinforces and escalates that behavior.  The company is growing too fast through acquisition after acquisition with very unrealistic expectations about the time it should take IT and related departments to assimilate the acquired business into AmTrust's system.  Much of the "senior" management team is relatively young, and seem to believe that walking into a meeting and screaming at people will get things done. Is it a Workers Comp company, or a P&C company, or a warranty company??  This is an organization that needs to decide what it wants to be and learn how to do it right.. Management sucks  a lot of favoritism  and sneaky things going on with management of Lockbox. Advancement within company after starting the entire company three years ago from scratch. You have to like asp.net and vb.net to like the job. 
The atmosphere is a little odd.. Do not pay industry- average. Culture  could improve where people would prefer to stay around.. Favoritism is what gets you promoted
Less experienced adjusters get chosen for promotion over experienced. there is no proper leadership/ High turnaround. feels like leadership lacks true appreciation for IT department even though it' AmTrust's "advantage".  Little ability to handle, acknowledge, or even recognize talent (or if they weren't talented).  People do not seem happy to be there, even the ones that came in with tons of positive energy become lifeless within weeks. zero culture outside of what your immediate team forms. Loud in the office area
Coworkers trying to get other coworkers fired
Management didn't seems to notice
Other coworkers doing homework while on the clock. - Fast growth means that workloads can get overbearing at times
- Tech is sufficient, but IT issues end up effecting productivity more often than they ideally should
- Slow pace/unresponsiveness when work involves liaison with HQ/Home Office in Cleveland
- Benefits package is solid, but 401K matching could be better. -management not greatest
- No real training
-HR dept not good at all. Poor communications
Too many segments with no intercommunications or stragetic goals. - The office has grown rapidly and we have more employees and departments than we originally had in this space.  Some employees work areas don't always make sense with their position, however I believe we will be relocating soon!
- In my position, I have a lot of repetitive work.  This can make the days long if you don't ask for other projects to switch things up. Dysfunctional, no leadership, no vision, no strategy. All C-level folks are related or have been friends for 20 years. No business metrics, everyone operates in chaos and without really knowing what's next. If you see a data scientist or business analyst position, RUN! You will be asked questions like "how do we become more efficient and more profitable?" and will be expected to have answers in less than a week, but you won't be allowed training, you will NOT talk to other people, especially developers, you will NOT talk to product management, underwriting, etc. Worse than prison, glad to be out and breathing again.. pay is horrible hard to move around and they overlook you if you are a female.. Base salary on experience not performance.. Not as many opportunities for advancement as most would like. Time is micromanaged even if you're a salaried employee, lots favoritism in the office. There's so much new business being bought without enough examiners to.do the work, examiners are over loaded. Good hard working examiner's dont stay. Lots of new adjustors with not a lot of experience who do absolutely nothing.. *Seriously underpaid.
*Supervisors generally have little or no experience, so you get to be the guinea pig.
*Not flexible on hours with no good reason why(it basically amounts to "because we want you here") so you get to sit in the ridiculously random Cleveland rush hour traffic.
*Seriously outdated code that you spend more time maintaining than developing.
*Nobody really cares about devs as they're expected to leave, anyway. 
*Seriously lacking parking/transit benefit.
*Progressively stricter rules being enforced en masse rather than singling out and talking to those causing the problems. lacks in good training and mentoring for newcomers.. You can use fowl language, you won't get fired add long as you show up and plenty of potlucks. I am entering at least 5 words for Cons. The company is horribly mismanaged. its impossible to move up unless you know someone in a high up position. They have been saying for at least the past 2 years that they are going to bump up salaries to and industry equivalent, however it has become abundantly clear that will never happen. New hires fresh out of college are making a good 10k more then the workers who have been there 3 years or more. Most of the supervisors don't have any idea what they are talking about , they are rude and the have no knowledge of their jobs always giving misdirection,  the so called RO errors,they don't even look through it or read the notes before pasting name, supervisors never respond to their team members...
Just like the customers are treated so are the employees. The Software department is mismanaged.  Functional area subject mater is rarely delegated.  This introduces situations where there is a line coming out of the manager's offices to get answers.  

This is the result of having 30 people working under only 2-3 managers/supervisors.

Pay is poor and they refused to pay market rates for talent.. Frequent acquisitions can create challenges for staff.
Office layout can be crowded leading to reduced productivity.. can't talk to your co-workers only at lunch time. Manager was horrible and had everyone do her dirty work for her. I never felt  secure in my position  because they fire you for any little reason. Need to improve cross-functional collaborations, and establish a team-oriented work environment that fosters the sharing of information.  This will help to achieve goals/objectives more efficiently and effectively; and create job satisfaction and improve morale.  Also, lower salary ranges.. hierarchy of management is not clear, don't feel like part of the Cleveland team (Excluded from many of the downtown locations' events). It's a joke at this point to work there. They're trying to put out "promotional videos" to clean up the face of AmTrust (aka the reviews on here are way too true and they're trying to sweep it under the rug). 

Management doesn't have training to handle some of the situations they're put in which leads to poor direction given out to their employees. Training is promised, but maybe delivered 6 months later... if not at all.

Raises are little to none. (But there's somehow enough for a 10k prize for the "next big thing" an employee can come up with?) Promotions are promised but dragged out or not actually given.

Constant favoritism happens, causing tensions and drama reminiscent of high school cliques. Which then causes not a lot of actual work to be done.. Work at home opportunities are limited to certain positions. . No benchmarking in place for position
. No mentoring program
. Kind of loud work environment, especially near lunch rooms during breaks (no doors there)
. No education benefit
. Cronyism & nepotism apparent. Rapidly growing company evolving from innovative and fun, to archaic, redundant and out dated.   They'll either go insolvent or get acquired.    Not big enough to compete with the old school talent like Hanover, Chubb, Hartford, Travelers and Liberty.   If they try too hard the combined ratio will blow well over 100%.     Stock has gone nowhere relative to peer group.. Data entry job, very draining on eyes, monotonous job, sitting all day at desk bad for back. Most communication with other done via email, rather than person-to-person interaction.. There are no CONS for me.. My manager was never there through out the four months.
The training was very basic, as the trainees explained they were working on it.. very unprofessionally run-sometimes resembling high school-infighting between sales and underwriting is distracting. Constant turnover and a heavy workload. Serious micromanagement from  senior management from the Northeast.. Bad management, no further expectations. Heavy, heavy workload - unrealistic expectations. Too many Software Developers hired. The company tends to hire too many software developers.  There is not enough work. They can cut some dead weight and give raises to the remaining good workers.  Only if they paid me properly, I would be writing this review as a "Current" employee, not "Former".. Where do I start? There was a Manager previously that did a wonderful job and kept her employees happy. Fortunately, the Manager was promoted to a higher position and passed on her previous position to an undeserving person. Ever since then, the office has been in chaos and the big bad Wolf continues to blow the house down. You wonder why that person is still employed there is a mystery.. Where to start, all managers form a cult. They have no passion or compassion for their employees. No benefit or acknowledgement for good work. Literally go sit at your desk for 8 hours and pretend to look busy. Pay is not even close to competitive, they will hire anybody that is willing to take less money even if they are incompetent. They let the best, most capable, and qualified employees go because they don't show them they are appreciated. I will never recommend this company to any real IT professional. No opportunity to move up unless you brown nose management, and even then there is barely a chance.. Training. ..training.....
Have a massive training for old and new employees QUICKLY. If you care about your job you will see how much others do not. Higher ups do not really care, they want the job done with as little support as possible.. Heavy workflows make taking time off difficult as you may have a hard time catching back up.. A lot of favoritism played.
Low salary for an IT position especially with the amount of work we got.
I personally felt like I was bugging my manager when asked her a question. Mind you I never really asked her for much.. Bought too many companies at once and all are holding on by a shoe string. Not enough management to get things done timely as authority levels low and approvals take forever. Many with management title know nothing about managing people.. Pay was not great for the amount of work being completed. Not much upward mobility. Some interoffice issues.. These positions are a heavy caseload. You have to be motivated to stay up to date. The communication is not the greatest.. Slow to take action on process improvement. Not a real professional environment and does not discipline employees for making personal threats.  Sold position as something other than what it was.. Bonuses are at management discretion and given in secret which isn't an incentive to those unaware and difficult to budget.  There were little growth opportunities and less professional development along with heavy management oversight.. Nepotism is the worst issue, by far, but many of the reviews here already get into it, and it’s part of the problem for devs.  The business side of the company focuses so much on acquisitions, it doesn’t think about how to integrate all of the new data with what we currently deal with.  The higher ups will hire a brand new team to deal with an acquisition, run them into the ground with unexplained deadlines (or worse: because a C-level executive has a deadline for a bonus he gets; yes, this happens), demand a bunch of new features (or removal of important things like data validation and encryption), and on many occasions dish out verbal abuse.  Once the project is forgotten about for the next shiny new thing, those devs are left to deal with maintenance.  There’s no chance to work your way up, no gain in salary, and no avenue to further your skills.  The cycle continues, and morale continues to drop down to levels that even Satan would balk at.
Now, many people would argue that this is par for the course for most software development jobs, and they’re right.  It's not the worst company to ever exist.  However, because of what I stated above plus the massive turnover rate of people leaving now to find better and the spread of information to review sites like this one, Amtrust has earned a reputation so vitriolic to anyone in the tech industry that even having its name on your resume will be enough to kill a job offer.
If you’re not a programmer or don’t care about having a better future, by all means, apply.  If you actually want to have a career, don’t bother with this place, even if you’re new or just want to build experience.  There are much better places to get it that won’t stain your record or your psyche.. I would be more flexible with allowing colleagues to work from home.. It all depends on which team you work for.  I worked for CPP. The management is comprised completely of developers who moved up. This means that they know how to code, but not necessarily how to manage, and so they just don't. Occasionally they will try some poorly thought out plan to "increase productivity", but they never pan out, and usually just fall to the wayside. Plan to only actually talk to your manager when YOU want to talk to them, and usually they are busy. 
The software is behind, but within the last 6 months they have shown actual movement forward  to more current technologies.
The code itself is a mess. They kept hiring new straight-out-of-school kids who all didn't know what they were doing, and thought they did. So the code is all over the place, it's inconsistent, and sometimes just doesn't work. Be prepared to realize you messed something up your first week and have to fix it 3 months later once you start to know what you are actually doing.. Bad code base. Not enough experienced programmers. Not a lot of code reviews or standards but they are working on getting better in some departments. Depends on which team you are on. Not much room for advancement unless you are friends with the boss.. Process and availability for advancement. Senior Management is very poor in most of the departments, and can be difficult to gain any promotion if you are not kissing someone's behind. Pay is on the lower end in most departments, especially if your department isn't considered important.. Strict hours, more hands off management, poor communication of management.. Rules seem to be up as the days go along. District manager feels like she has something to prove changing everyone's hours not abiding by what was promised when you were  hired and within the employee handbook. . You cannot work from home and yoy are required to work till 5 p.m. even if you opted not to work those hours when you were hired, no matter how long you have worked with the company. This would take allay and it is not worthy of my time and energy. Closed door rules. Meetings held for supervisors and management only then you're told do it no questions allowed.. Some managers need to spend more time with their team.. Growing too fast. What's wrong with 15% growth for a 6 billion dollar company. Could use more structure. What does it have to be 40%?. inefficient management team, especially executives. Work load only has two modes: too busy and nothing to do. Its possible to go months without work
Teams do not directly interact nor do they like each other, this causes serious stagnation in work flow
Management is often too hands off, and personal issues between coworkers often become huge issues. As with other large carriers, the politics are exhausting and depending on the division, you end up dealing with some folks that have no idea what they are doing.. The pay could be better.. CUO is a bi-polar chauvinistic micromanaging control freak who yells and curses at employees. Nepotism and discrimination are very obvious. No reimbursement for work related education. Referrals for authority are ignored unless you follow up several times. Lack of consistency and communication between offices. No corporate credit card so you use your personal funds for business expenses and getting reimbursed takes several weeks most of the time (you will incur the interest - the company won't reimburse for that even though the interest was accrued because of their delay).  Guidelines are contradicting.  Systems are always screwed up. Management doesn't invest in their current systems or people, they just keep buying other companies.. Infrastructure cannot keep up with growth of company, high workloads, very lengthy and repetitive reporting process for authority, upper management takes way too long to approve reports for authority.. Nepotism runs rapid from the top down. Inexperienced management team can make the work environment chaotic. Poor communication and no company clear goals. Benefits are subpar. Parking downtown is expensive. HR is incompetent and pushes internal issues under the rug. No tuition reimbursement and no work life balance.. It's an 8:30-5:00 job but they expect you to work more than 40 hours a week without extra pay. Managers are not willing to help you grow with the company. Not much PTO or sick time. You start off with 2 weeks of PTO but it takes awhile to get up to 3 weeks. Team members do not stick around long. Pay is low compared to other companies for software engineers.. Pay seems lower for the area but not unreasonable. Again, depending on the team you could be miserable. I see many people that look like they hate their jobs. I hate downtown and there are tons of homeless waiting for you to leave work to ask for money. No bonuses and low cost of living adjustments. Everyone seems to be stressed out all the time.. Promises made by upper management, and then taken away with no explanation.  Nepotism does exist.  Workers are feeling stressed and overworked,  but no solutions in site.  Meetings are non existent, communication is terrible between management and employees.  No real job growth opportunities, no forward looking plans.. Pay is on the low side, after two years of faithful service the new employees are being hired in at more money than I make. Was told I would be promoted but then promotion was given to someone else.. As acquisitions keep coming,emphasis is on converting systems, not on maximizing opportunities for employee contributions.   Lots of rules and policies that limit/take away employee choices.  Example:  you cannot access your personal email from work.. No opportunities for growth. Expected to work and work only. Unable to communicate with employees outside of your department. Each department is almost considered their own company. This company does not participate in company outings or celebrations. Its kind of like you work in a plant or something. Only come to work and go home, no talking or smiling. 
Benefits do not begin on the first day, almost 60 days after. No formal training.. Terrible management, deception, nepotism, no accountability. BA's, they are my biggest complaint, either they do not have the intelligence in IT to explain requirements or just do not care. pay is WAY below the average in the city, and the only way to get a decent raise is to threaten with leaving. I was not impressed with how no one is held accountable for their problems everything is blamed on the developers.. Extraordinarily hard to move up in the company due to its size and the virtual log jam in middle Managment. Culture is very typical of cubicle land and isn't managed well by owners.. NO growth at all and there is no financial compensation if you are doing Business Analyst work. No bonus and raises are laughable. No process management and no training at all. Nepotism is all around and the only way you are able to get a promotion.. the company will tell you that layoffs are not going to occur and then they do them.. Not too many issues with this company. I wish there were more options for medical coverage. Currently only HSA and PPO options, no HMO and I would love to be able to keep Kaiser. Hopefully in the future this will change.. zero organization in IT at least with the groups I dealt with on a daily basis.  There seems to be some middle management and leaders that have good ideas and know how things should be organized but the lack of their bosses being involved with something as petty as titles and reporting structures causes morale issues.  I was in one meeting where a manager from another IT department was telling my team what to do.  There is nepotism that is mentioned in previous posts but those people really don't do anything so they seem insignificant to any of the real issues.  Bad product gets pushed out because of it but upper management wants to sell the software even when it stinks.  poor testing and many different deployment methods causes bugs and bad pushes.  BAs seem to not know the product, the business or what end users need.  Everyone seems to be working on new products and not maintaining current deployments. always on to the next thing.  Many times the next thing is incorporating a new company which makes sense.  Project Management is non-existent and priorities change constantly.  I was pitched modern programming (C++) but its mostly fixing old stuff.  The office setup is terrible.  Open floor plans and bench seating with a handful of conference rooms that are always taken doesn't allow private conversations and many groups are loud at times.  onboarding is a rough process as they throw you in and hope you can swim in the messiness.  Forget about raises that are significant even if you take on more responsibility.. Management keeps you in the dark like a mushroom.
Company communications are insufficient.
Pay is below average.. No remote access
Not enough PTO. Moving in March to the Farmers Branch area. No structure, little to no training, lack of communication.. There is no structured training program. No clear road map for how to go about understanding the project and it is quite huge solution. 1) lies about promotions
2) in fact lies about everything including pay, company expense reimbursements (let's just say it's been almost a year and I still haven't gotten my money back and it's in the thousands. when you're getting paid a few bucks above minimum wage, yes that makes a huge difference) 
3) meager meager salary. see above
4) people: no ambition, brainless zombies. Poor management, lack of internal controls, no quality control, outdated practices, nepotism, and favoritism - just a handful of characteristics that describe this office. 
From the employment stand point, this is a very flat company.  So - no growth opportunities, no incentives, very low pay comparing to the other companies. This was by far the worse experience in my entire career. I am happy to be out of this place and with the great company now.. Growth is producing more work than departments can handle
Training is minimal
Communication between departments is non existent
Many management positions are filled by employees that have no management background
Downtown traffic. Not much going on the area of growth. Company moving and I want a job closer to home. There wasn't anything I disliked.. Upper Management can be better, they want you give your all on a daily basis but do not give you anything but more work in return.. Unprofessional
Daycare atmosphere
Micro managers
Low-self esteem leaders
Only promote people that are friends. 
Don't come, turn around quickly. New management micromanages,are controlling and harsh. No more over-time. Very punctual time clock. Can't be late. No room for real advancement although it is said often. Humanless Resources
Discriminatory
Company is micromanaged from the CEO down
low level and unprofessional
No processess or policies
wouldn't buy their insurance!. Job was presented as one thing in posting and when interviewing.  After hired I found out differently and did not have experience in things they wanted me to do.  I would have NEVER applied for job knowing what they really wanted.  Manager practiced retaliation and was hostile after questioning if training material was meaningful as it was 24 versions old.  Co-worker told manager things that were inaccurate and could not be substantiated when I asked for examples.  Written up by manager but I was able to provide documentation that accusations were incorrect.  Legal department was finally advised of situation by HR, (retaliation by manager which escalated into hostile work environment), After Legal was made aware of situation my manager and co worker barely talked with me at all.  My experience was anything but good and I was happy to leave.. Organizational problems, training limited, career growth is slim. 30 minute lunch.. Ever since amtrust bought tower group and absorbed their management the WC department  has been a sinking ship. The computer system is not claims management capable. Freezes, crashes, deletes work, moves excessively slow, documents sent to you via fax never come to you. Most of your day is spent restarting the computer. Reserve are impossible to obtain. Which is the meat of an insurance company. Well this company will only provide reserves if you are facing penalties or need to pay TTD. Which is very odd and worries the department. If you request a sizeable reserve for a large loss the large report you are required to develop for the request is somehow absorbed into an abyss and is never heard from again. Expect this company to shut its doors in the next year or even sooner. Raise to adjuster was only 7% and the annual raises was misleading. I was told 3% but it was really only 2.9%. When I questioned it, HR was very defensive.
No official bonuses. 
Training is horrible. You are lucky if you receive four days of training. You are not encouraged to improve practices of the company.. AmTrust's problems stem from the poorly-trained management and no corporate culture. You'll get negative feedback on your performance in the form of tersely worded emails from managers, who don't see the point in face-to-face communication with their team members, and no positive feedback whatsoever. I, for one, had to relay messages between my team lead and another, both of whom had temper issues and refused to speak to each other directly. My team leads and manager were irascible, unapproachable people, and promoted an environment where talking to one another for non-business purposes was discouraged. My team members and I quickly learned that they are averse to so much as being greeted or spoken to in the hallway.

While the toxic managerial interactions made working there plenty intolerable, I should also add that AmTrust pays its developers well below the average rate. I know of fellow developers who, after having worked there for years, received no pay raises, despite positive performance evaluations. Further, as a developer, you are corralled into a certain programming specialty without the opportunity to explore other areas of .NET development--either you are a web developer, a database manager, and so forth. They will say you have every opportunity to expand and learn new things, but that is invariably a lie. I found my .NET growth being stunted, since there's only so much new C#/VB syntax to learn on the backend.

Do what I did; come to AmTrust for a solid introduction to .NET programming, and then leave.. Extremely political. Poor management, & these people think they're Gods for some reason.. Salary is good, however, the workload is that of three people. No communication, management, or follow through. Very unorganized company with some serious service issues, internal and external.  No appreciation for all the work you put in. You are basically just a number and a warm body.. no on boarding or training, pay is not good. It can be frustrating to see opportunities lost or wasted because of politics and management attitudes. At times you can feel like a pawn in a political game, achieving very little (and feel vulnerable because of it) when senior people chop and change your direction. Communication from top to bottom is bad. It is an extremely insular environment. Some inter-department relationships a broken.. Upper management cuts costs in computer technology
Company does not have solid rules because of rapid growth
High claim count
Growing pains
Claims program technology is lacking. No communication. Too many people handling one account.. I have not found many cons.  We do have to be online late at night occasionally but we know when it is coming to plan appropriately.. I haven't read a negative review on here that I don't agree with. 
Work and on boarding: No guidance, no mentorship. The code is very outdated. I realized shortly after starting that I had been largely lied to in the interview. They said mentorship was important but I would spend whole days having no idea what to do and unable to find someone to answer my questions. They also said they were transitioning from VB.NET to C#, this was not true. Apparently they told a friend of mine they were moving from VB.NET to Java, also not true. If you want to learn new, applicable and modern languages, this isn't the place. It's all VB. My biggest concern personally is that I took this job hoping to grow but feel like my only coding growth is what I work on at home. Also, there was definitely no on boarding process. Most of my first two weeks was spent trying to on-board myself, then the management seemed surprised that I was so adrift and confused. Others didn't even have a desk or a computer. Some were encouraged to "observe and learn" from other coders. This consisted of sitting next to another developer while they ignored the new person and did their work with no explanations.

Environment: Super bright. I leave work with a migraine every day. Very cliquey and segmented workforce. They people who seem to fit in are the cranky, sarcastic or whiny people. After a few months of wondering what everyone else was working on, since I seemed to always be waiting for something to be available, I realized that most people have a small window on their screen with reddit, youtube videos, facebook or the like that they are useing, while the rest of their screens are filed with what looks like work.

Mandatory overtime once you're salaried: That was a surprise. Personally, I don't consider it not working just because I'm at home. They touted a work life balance but that seems to be inaccurate.. Management unresponsive and hostile to employees. Claim reserving practices in violation of most insurance department regulations. Employees instructed to stay silent on reserving practices. Mgt.. Management plays employees against each other setting a very uncomfortable atmosphere.. The downtown traffic is the only problem. Is there room for advancement?. The cons are easy if your an honest hard working no PC game player your in for a rough time. I have seen people lie, setup others to fail, sleep with the boss, play video games and get promoted all because they where kiss ups of some sort or another. I know the going doing security left one of the main doors open to part of the building yet nothing happened to him, yet another guy purposely crashed a system and nothing happened to them, someone brought another system down and they got promoted?  there is no teamwork its all about the individual and how much smoke they can blow. Management seems out of touch with the daily processes.. Poor work environment, tons of glare and bright lights and whiny people everywhere. People steal food from the break room. Climate control is terrible.. Believe all of the negative posts you read on this site about AmTrust.  No onboarding training, per se.  Many people in management roles that have no business managing people.  Nepotism abounds.  (Its all about who you know or are related to or sleeping with).  The company grows through acquisitions.  Unfortunately, they do not have solid processes and resources in place to sustain that growth for the long haul.  Typically hire in via contract.  Job titles do not always reflect job responsibilities.  Everyone in my group was called "Testing Analyst" but more accurately, some were "Business Analysts" or "Project Managers".  Pay rates are significantly below market.  Like to hire the young and inexperienced (I guess they are easier to control and manipulate).  Not a place to work if you have any legitimate career aspirations.  Poor work environment...my first 2 months there, I sat in a different department (overcrowded on my floor) where people seemingly did not have much else to do other than tell stories, take long breaks/lunches, and spew profanities for all to hear.. The dress code is way too casual for a professional company.. Management controls employees out of fear., and if you are not a favorite or minority run do not walk!  After working there for almost 6 years I was told I am NOT doing my job correctly.
Even though they will never admit to discrimination, I am seeking law counseling advice
To see what the repercussions will be.
I feel that  many False accusations were brought against me all because of my sexual orientation.

Oh and by the way management cooks their books! Just a matter of time before their house of cards collapses.
Do not waste your time with this Mickey Mouse insurance company as they are a small fish in a huge pond trying to gasp for air.. shorter work week something like 4/10. I worked as a Software Engineer.
Pay is low, benefits are pretty sub par.  Actual management is a VP with no business training, and it shows.  They will treat you like children.  Meetings about low morale are just a way for management to chew out employees for poor reviews posted online.  Threats of mandatory overtime have become more common, and lunches are no being suspended when a VIP is visiting executive management.. disjointed management of company and over works their employees.. No upward movement... ever. Unless you're on the "Hot" product of the time, you will never see a promotion, focus is always geared towards new aquisitions and anyone working on the software for those new shiny companies will be the ones to reap the rewards. Pay is never re-evaluated to see if the minimum cap needs to be raised to bring seasoned employees on par in pay to new hires. Pay is right around 35% below the regional average,. I don't like the medical benefits as much. Co-pays are getting higher and higher every year.. No communication, organization, or cohesiveness between departments. Management style is to insult first, ask questions later. Too many acquisitions have greatly sacrificed quality, morale,  leadership and your will to live. The company is an H. R. nightmare if you dare object to being ridiculed and threatened in order to keep your job. The constant increase in work volume sets you up for failure and fear. Then when you finally quit they act shocked and want to know why on earth you would leave.  Upper management is either in denial or simply does not care whether they are respected as long as the money keeps rolling in.. Turn over rate is high
High pressure to get work done on time
The requirements of projects change constantly
Small teams, big projects. While the position is exempt,  ie. OT is expected in order to try keeping your head above water. Good adjusters end up leaving because they are just burnt out.  Average 50hrs work week and you still can't keep up with an average of 200+ pending. The company has grown too fast and not employed enough Liability/Casualty/Construction Defect Adjusters. Although most hired adjusters have ample years in the industry their authority is limited and all denial letters are reviewed by their AVP of Claims, even an "out of policy period type".   The supervisors have been acquired through acquisition and the CA AVP wants to control everything including how a letter is formatted, worded, etc... In the end your work product may no longer be your work product.  Additionally,  it takes over 30 days to receive approval for a denial letter. However, their Dallas AVP for Claims is not so particular nor controlling. While a Dallas manager may compliment your denial or ROR. The same format is not acceptable to the CA AVP for Claims.   However, most of us know not one person will write a letter the same way or adjust a claim exactly the same way. The Dallas AVP seems to have embraced that fact and manages to have denials turned around in a short amount of time. Additionally,  the CA claims are way out of compliance, so if that stresses you as it typically will to good adjusters don't work here.  Their computer servers are so slow that many times you can be typing faster than what is appearing on the screen.  Or the system will bump you off and you have to restart or shut down the computer - this can be a daily chore = more stress.  In general not very friendly for single parents.  No work from home if your child is sick.. Probably not a place to stay long term. Not a ton of room for advancement. This company hires newer developers who are still learning how to work on a full sized project. The turn over rate is quite high. If you are looking for a place to further your career, Amtrust is not the best place. 

The code is 10 years old, written in vb, and has been changed by well over 200 people throughout its lifetime. Because of this, documentation and comments are generally lacking at best.

The position is billed as a software engineer, however it is more like glorified help desk. You cannot open a ticket on your own, and need permission to make almost any changes to code. Most of the time you will simply add a variable or change script slightly. New functionality is rare in this slowing system.. Benefits aren't the best, need more time off.. Company growth seems to keep the staff and the managers from getting a good footing and building good structure around their areas.  There seems to be a large disparity between some groups happiness over others.. AmTrust is truly a "fly by the seat of your pants" organization, and this reality pervades all aspects of working as a developer at this company. Forget TDD, code reviews, unit testing, best practices, standards, conventions, etc. Throw all of that useless tripe out the window, for programming at AmTrust is all about bending over and taking it from the business on a daily basis while vomiting spaghetti code at ill-conceived intervals known as deadlines. Operating in this fashion is truly demoralizing if you care about the quality of your work.

Projects are directed by "Business Analysts," which is, in many cases, quite the misnomer given the lack of analytical capability and business knowledge demonstrated by the holders of this title. So, in addition to coping with unrealistic deadlines, developers [who are usually n00bs] are expected to architect complicated systems from scratch as project requirements are presented in a piecemeal fashion by "Business Analysts." And the icing on the cake is that these requirements are often completely wrong or misleading and subject to sudden and inexplicable change. The end result is that the whole entire development process at AmTrust is a ludicrous proposition that could only seem realistic to a bean counter somewhere on the executive floor.

As evinced by the rhetoric spewed by the CIO in one of the yearly IT peptalks, this is exactly the case. IT at AmTrust is all about keeping costs as low as possible while producing enough functioning infrastructure and software to prevent the entire company from going up in flames. The result is a disastrous codebase that induces feelings of panic, hysteria, and clinical depression in even the few battle-hardened senior developers who somehow work at this company in a sea of n00bs and hopelessly clueless BAs. 

Finally, there appears to be no hope of career advancement at AmTrust for most workers. Managers may dangle a carrot here and there, but when the winds of the business change direction, they are powerless and you may find yourself right back where you started on day one. Your best bet for a real promotion here is to be a blood relative of the CIO or a friend of a high-level executive.. Vacation time is not that great but also not the worst.  Company strict about working from home.  Would like a more virtual work environment.  No educational assistance.. Be prepared for a very bumpy ride.  Lack of direction, strategic or otherwise, limited hierarchies and resources, Egos run rampant, historical positions cripple technology options, many skilled Chiefs/ few Indians, solutions are put together with spit n bubblegum, very little recognition for accomplishments... Do more with less mentality.  Stupid turn around.  Key talent is starting to get fed up.. Lower managers/supervisors generally seem to be promoted based on seniority rather than competency, a few extremely bad apples who act like children and leave the bathrooms a mess. Can sometimes be loud. Also, one can see other employees because there are no desk shields.. Only management idea is to overwork employees and not hire when needed.,. Rampant nepotism and cronyism.  very flat organizational structure, when there's one at all.  Really poor work life balance, people are expected to put in all kinds of extra time. Little or no advancement opportunities. Management by intimidation.. Benefits are costly, time off program stinks not competitive in market place. Very low morale. Executives are spending dollars on private planes trips & after hour fun rather then investing in employees. Moral is at the ocean floor along with the Titanic!!. Sales runs the company and does not have much liability.. There are managers with no business in their positions, but are there because of relations with executives.  There are groups with a lot of functional crossover which cause headaches and overall strategy to go into different directions.  This tends to be the inexperienced or managers that want to keep things the same as they have been in the past versus the innovators.  

There are some managers that don't show up either at all or to pertinent meetings.  There are others that have too many meetings, many of which seem useless.  There are many people that do not work, not because they do not want to, but because they are not managed properly.  There are also people that need to go to other managers or have to invite themselves to meetings to get direction and find out what is going on.  

Basically the organization structure does not adhere to industry standards.  Management seems to think that it is something that keeps them elite compared to their competition, but in reality it creates more work and to bring someone off the street can be painful.. AmTrust acquired a company I was with and offered most of us positions.  Same pay, worse benefits (less coverage for higher premiums) and a severe cut to vacation days.  There was also a pay freeze with our former company that AmTrust is carrying on with us meaning that it has been 2 years without raises for us workers (despite the fact that public transit costs continue to rise every 6 months and most of us take public transit to work).  After 6 months of acquiring us, they have yet to give us back simple things that the former company cut to save money: forks/spoons/knives in cafeteria, hand soap in cafeteria/breakroom, offering professional development classes, fixing broken microwaves in the building.

HR is difficult to research.  You receive an automatic reply that they get asked a lot of questions so they may not have time to answer you.  You need to ask your manager to contact them in order to ask a simply question.  They also have you clock in and then out whenever you are at your desk (instead of the trust based system of logging your hours).  There is overall very little trust between the company and its employees.

There is no chance for career growth or development as they seem to hire all levels of management from outside the company.. I don't see many wrong things about this place - it is a place to work! I am glad Cleveland has a big insurer like AmTrust - God knows it needs more places like it.. Does not provide Tuition Reimbursement.. Not much room for growth.. It's been chaotic since day 1-constant worry if you are going to have your job because of company direction
More and more responsibilities each year with no promotions or pay corrections after they change the salary range of your job 2 times after you were hired
People hired after you in the same position make 20-25% more than you and and have 75% less work than you.
Have had two senior Managers and 3 different Supervisors in 3.5 years
Company would rather hire people from the outside than promote from within
When other departments complain about  the hours you work, your hours get changed, unless you are an AVP or Manager, then you can come in and go as you please
Company is officially against working from home and no flex time, again, unless you are an AVP, Manager , etc...
No career path
No Tuition/Training reimbursement(even if it's related to your job)
No career path
They promise you are career path, but there is none.  
Did i mention there is no career path?
You need be part of the good ole boys club to get anywhere. Absolutely the worst place Iv'e ever worked for. The management here is more concerned about hiring their friends and family than hiring qualified people. Infrastructure is a complete joke. If you're not in the click don't expect a promotion anytime soon. Reviews and salary increases are a completely joke too and a slap in the face.

The management here have no clue what they are doing. You will be told to do one thing one minute then moments later instructions will change. You will get vague answers for questions you have or for instructions that you do get leaving you questioning how or what the end goal is.

Promotions? Forget about it unless you are related to someone or sleeping with someone. That's the only way you ever will get a promotion.

This company's main problem is they throw hordes of  inexperienced people(we have TONS of developers) at a problem rather than getting qualified people to do it. Our developement team is horrible. We probably have over 200 devs "working" on pieces of code. And I use the term working very loosely. Most of the devs we hire are punk kids who think their poo don't stink and that they are God.

 Speaking of people who think they are God the VPs here are the exact same way.VPs don't know what they are doing half the time. They will throw temper tantrums resulting in people getting special cases when it comes to supporting them or them getting equipment resulting in one off cases.

The service desk - where do I even begin with them? Untrained monkeys could do a better job at handling the front line of support. Most of them have zero experience in IT and it is run as more of a call center than a service desk(which falls on the VPs again not knowing what they are doing). They will provide you with zero support outside of "did you reboot?". They misassign tickets causing delays in techs getting to the problem. They will just copy and paste exactly what the end user emailed in when creating a ticket and call that troubleshooting.

Over all, if you are looking for a job opportunity here I would look elsewhere. Yes, this place will brag that business is good and that they are growing constantly - which is true. HOWEVER, the growth is because they will pretty much hire any bloke off the street, slap just about any job title on them and ignore the fact that they are sitting at their computer playing Doom all day long or watching Nascar videos on Youtube.. If you are not in the right group you won't go far. It is a very backstabbing environment.  NO personal growth.  NO career path or training. The values seem to be, how much the employees can make us with the company giving back as little as they can to their employees.  Which leads to being under paid, appreciated, valued or even given any respect.  

To answer "Absolutely Awful" posted on 12/10/14. "You do not need 200 people to handle an influx of 10 bug tickets per day."  The reason for that is a deal Amtrust has with the city to get breaks.  They promised so many jobs over a certain period.  I have had a co-worker tell me there are a lot of people sitting around looking for some work.
As long as Amtrust is receiving their breaks from the city they do not care who is doing what. That is just the nature of the beast. Never believe the company has your best interest at heart.. There is no leadership initiative.  The hiring process infers you will work in C#, but you in reality work in an antiquated VB environment.  
Strict policies against fixing warnings or improving code, standing policy is "No changes without a ticket". 
 Software Engineers are glorified Help-desk Technicians. 
 Extremely toxic work environment.  IT Management are young, fresh out of college and very volatile, to the point of threatening to terminate contracts for asking them questions.  
Very little actual work to be done, 80% of the average employees day is gossip and surfing the internet.
Zero in the way of naming conventions or parity in code environment.
Best Practices are entirely ignored in development environment.  Spaghetti code everywhere.. Principally a workers comp company; not quite prepared to deliver in all areas. Systems need adaptation or change.. The traffic downtown is horrible. People are not held accountable for their work performance. Very poor management. Shoot from the hip. Very disorganized, you never know from one minute to the next which way things may go.  There are plenty of sheep in wolves clothing.  People abusing company time.. -lack of training or team building exercises
-no expectations set by managers so much confusion exists about jobs function
-no project planning whatsoever which causes poor planning with the architecture of the software system, thus causing a poor quality and unstable system
-deadlines are based on arbitrary and unrealistic dates without any proper requirement gathering or research
-promotions are made not due to employee competency but because of nepotism and cronyism
-software methodologies are extremely out of date and are changed on a daily basis without being communicated to the team. This company is not in compliance with sox regulations (these are financial systems)
-companies which have been acquired are forced to replace their software system and almost always are treated disrespectfully and are forced to accept a downgrade in quality
-employees are requested to perform manager functions without proper guidance or any compensation
-company turnover rate is extremely high
-threats to fire people and talking down to employees occurs more often than not to deflect blame 
-for get best practices, no practices is the way it goes here
-no integration of culture after acquisition occurs. Absolutely every element outside of salary. Interviewed for and accepted a position that I would still one day like to have.. however every one of my teammates and I were hired based on skills and qualifications that we have yet to utilize, expected to perform job requirements that we were not hired to do, no accountability, no communication, those in leadership might as well still be in highschool. when asking a manager for permission to go directly to another team's lead for further instruction working to close a project, I was told "no just don't, i'm not speaking to that person right now so forget about it" therefore project sits while the ladies bicker. ridiculous. i promise that anything you are hired in to do, you will not be doing while working at amtrust.. Nothing you learn here will be of any use.  They don't follow any processes that would be considered standard for the industry.  So no matter how long you spend here, your experience is worthless anywhere else, and you'll need to start over.  No one in management has relevant experience in the field either, so they have nothing to teach you.  Their primary goal is to create a believable act for when SOX audit time comes that they adequate change management procedures, even if they don't follow those policies most of the time, and doctor the data later.

Pay is also sub par.  You can make 30-50% more working almost anywhere else in a comparable position.  If you care about your career at all, you won't tank it by working here.. Communication can be on the slow side. Scheduled reviews are rare. The beginning learning curve is steep, and the company does not have a formal training process.. Structure of the company is a bit weird. Management is out-of-touch with the work flow of the departments. Company had picked up business tremendously over the 2.5 years that I was there but our department didn't grow nearly as fast as it should've.. Simple case of the blind leading the blind.

Benefits, which are abhorrent, are the primary reason people work here.  Furthermore, they don't even begin to eclipse the abysmal hourly rates that the majority are required to stomach.. Work life balance can be a bit difficult. Desks arrangements are very close together with limited space, so you have no privacy at all.  Management does not clearly communicate what they want from you and then you get blamed for there miscommunications.
They are going through some growing pains but management really needs to communicate better with the employees.  In a year no one has ever sat down with me and clearly defined my responsibilities.  It a fly by the set of your pants environment.. Management are bullies and are very disorganized.  Company has no guidelines for underwriting.  Very chaotic and disorganized  Computer systems are horrendous always problems with operating.. Management is not honest with employees regarding career paths. Nepotism and favoritism rule. Employees are systematically eliminated when they start to earn serious salaries.  I worked there for over 5 years and left with virtually the same skill set and compensation I had when hired.. some senior executives can be verbally abusive. environment is very high strung. Almost everything is a con.   There is literally no company culture (I didn't know this was possible).   The management team is terrible and there is no guidance what so ever.   They only promote their friends and family and choose the worst possible people to be managers and leads.   This was the absolute worst working experience I have had in my entire life.. This is a decent place to start to gain experience. Once you gain that experience, LEAVE!
The management is terrible, zero career opportunity, upper management is very selfish you are just a number to them.
I was with Amtrust for 5 solid years and gained .68 cents raise in all of 5 years (Yes, you read that right). Every year you were promised you will get a raise but you were cheated out off. Lot of broken promises.
Lots of favoritism being played. If you don't kiss butt or if you're not their favorite individual, you will be pushed aside and given more work while your team leaders and managers take hours long lunches and take the credit for all your hard work.

In 5 years of working here, I have learned a lot.. Pay, Management Really need more training for specific positions. Lots of young people who don't know how to behave in an office environment. Can be loud and obnoxious at times.. No clear directions. Their computer rating system is horrible. No formal structure and underwriting guideline. Each department does not communicate with each other. You can start a new project and completely changed overnight. IT dept is a joke. They could never figure what the computer problem is when you call them. NO formal training in place. The company is very unorganized.. raises are almost non-existent
very little room to advance. Working in an open layout that causes nothing but aggravation.  Crammed into a work station with folks sitting on top of each other, no personal space.  Company is young and the hiring practices are horrible.  The individuals (mostly "kids") being hired are rude, disrespectful, they take no pride in their personal appearance and they have no common sense.. There were no cons. Good place to work.. * HR is slow. I mean, unbearably slow to respond to anything.
* The pay scale is good if you're fresh out of college with little to no experience... but those people who stay on for years and show dedication aren't rewarded for it.
* Pay raises we're barely on pace with cost of living, even when moving downtown.
* In the time that I worked there, I never received a bonus. Unfortunately, hard work and drive don't account for anything if you're not in with upper management.. Not way of really moving up. IT deartment is big but its no movng unless unless somebody above you quits. Some people are really bored and have nothing to do. Also, some complain nonstop - Like seriously, they need to be fired. They are just downers.

I am probably making about 20% less than I could be elsewhere. I'm fine by that though. I'm young so being able to enjoy my job is more important right now. 

Nearly everyone goes "Contract-to-Hire" so it seems as though sometimes we don't get high-caliber new hires. Some are bright and good at their jobs, others are not smart and just slackers and they get away with it.. There is no room for growth... 
Company lacks experience in key management positions
The cronyism and nepotism here is absolutely sickening.
You are likely to leave the company with the same title you came in with.
Years of service garners nothing.. The office uses remote desktops to access home office programs, fit requently disconnects and you lose work. Older workforce, they are resistent to modern techniques and technologies to facilitate jobs. Lack of compliance guidance, if you can't use ISO, IRMI, NCCI and other insurance sites to find answers you won't find anyone else there that can. No standard operating procedures or best practices. .. Impossible work load.  None of the departments communicate with each other.  The systems are the worst.. Low on the pay scale to start. Uncertain what they looked at to keep people on who weren't terminated.. Pay is not the best, no training at all for the business side of things (insurance), some of the managers are hard to get in touch with, communication overall is not very good, no standards or documentation for code, hard to get any guidance or advice for coding, office can be very cliquish as someone else mentioned but people are still pretty friendly and open overall. Sweat shop enviornment; low salaries; systematic elimination of long-term employees due to relatively higher salaries. Do not believe managers' promises of career development.. New Owner out of New York and the Upper Level Officers are clueless about property & casualty insurance.  They do not reward hard work, the display no concern to keep talent.  Company had a combine ratio of 70 and still didn't give salary increases to employees.   Owners has a reputation of buy insurance companies and then selling them off for a quick profit.. Upper mgmt at corporate) did not keep all of the other satellites up to date in regards to any changes in regards to business philosophy, expectations, or technology.  Too busy buying other companies to consolidate processes/technology in a timely/streamlined way.. Management tends to manage up instead of managing their employees.  They are too worried about their bottom line.  If they actually managed their employees properly, they wouldn't have to worry about their bottom line.. Most execs short sided unable to make long term plans. I wish merits / bonuses were more prevalent / available this year, but to be honest I can't expect an outflow of extra cash when the economy is so unstable. If anything, while it sucked that we didn't get any, it's almost reassuring to know AmTrust took a step back to reassess.. Workload can be pretty heavy at times. Paycheck could be higher compared to other companies. Can not think of anything.. The toxic and long-standing management has too many stale personalities there and there is a tolerance of mediocrity for the ones who are favoured. Those who are not are worked and used till their fingers bleed for little reward. It's about who you know and pretty much all senior promotions are henchmen of the ExCo.

Bit problem with the ethical conduct of many of the management too.. Where to start?
The operating model for the UK is broken and has been broken for 4+ yeas and everyone is stressed out. Merlin doesn't work despite tens of millions being spent on it. Salaries are a joke and bonuses aren't actually that good. There is a significant move away from London jobs which isn't news, but is unpleasant for everyone now in London or who had plans to have a London career. The share price has tanked and if you're holding shares from various sharesaves, you've lost a ton of money. 
But the worst thing is the "culture". There is so much talk of it from senior management along with "values" but what happens in real life is very different. People who keep failing in their roles and in upholding basic moral behaviour keep getting promoted and keep causing problems for those affected by their poor decision making. HR seem incapable of dealing with rogue behaviour and everyone else has to put up with toxic people. No wonder the engagement scores keep falling - but nothing has really ever been properly done about any of it. There is so much rude and obnoxious behaviour and no friendly and human atmosphere - maybe because everyone is so stressed and maybe because everyone's seen bad behaviour being rewarded so people have figured there's no point being civil anymore. Nepotism is a big thing still and diversity is all talk.. There are no to a few I think. The only Cons is, that there sometimes is no clear way to do something. So some tasks has to be managed and developed by myself. That is not bad in general, but everybody has different ideas and sometimes it takes a lot of time, to find the right solution.. No room to grow inside the company, distant management, long working hours in practice. Not competitive pay for a company that claims digital first.. Management is completely out of touch with workload. Complete focus on profitability at the exclusion of other supposed company values. Company used to be more collaborative but has become completely top-down, without any two-way communication.. Ridiculous targets, constant change in management, there was so much pressure to preform and sell my mental health was at it’s worst working here.. Hard to move up band levels. Work you hard, lots of changes currently. Senior leadership in London leads by fear, penalizes those that speak up. New ideas are shut down and if convention is challenged, you will get berated. If your face doesn’t fit ie if you are not privately educated or talk with posh accent .. then forget jt .. no social mobility diversity. Too fast paced,Unalignment between business units, job cuts, narcissism at the top, Operations not led by customer service outside of direct to consumer.. Highly competitive workforce as a result of high calibre employees. Not great bonus structure and raises. Very demanding in terms of workload. No clear operational guides
Nothing else. Poor support structure, bloated operating procedure lack of overall direction. Put obstacles in there own way. Progression is slow and not tailored to individuals. nothing that is substantial enough to get on here. Where to start? Hiscox used to have an excellent reputation, a company where you could do well and excel. Not anymore. Huge staff turnover, hundreds of millions spent on new systems that simply do not cater for the needs of the business and arrogant, stuck up staff, who, quite honestly don’t care about others. Hiscox lost its culture years ago and is too late to get it back.. Slow progression and uncertain career path. Relatively low compensation relative to the industry. Hanging onto the myth of a culture that died long long ago. Leadership team disconnected and lacked direction. Slower pace, Investment in the future. Career opportunities could be improved and challenging work load.. Do not work in operations or service delivery. Pay is extremely low, you are treated like trash, and management does not care about any of your concerns. You can make much more money for a lot less work elsewhere.. Struggling with becoming a bigger company. Not very great place for career development.. No profit bonus payout in 4 yrs. Culture dictated by whomever you work for, no overall culture due to lack of direction from senior management (primarily white men). Lip service promotion of diverse personnel to middle management, and rare if any promotions of diverse people to senior management. They have infantized the workplace by not trusting their employees to work remotely (hopefully that's changed with COVID). Open office is extremely distracting.. Condescending when needing help with work. Very pushy with targets even during the pandemic and working from home. Claim to be mental health advocates but cannot empathise with a situation.. They could be better pay structures. - Not-so-tech-savvy
- Not much opportunity to grow
- Difficulties adopting new technology/processes
- Average salary. No room to grow, flat structure, lack of promotions. The industry is a bit boring. is losing its culture as a small and brave company. It took a while to hear back after the initial job application. However, once started, the interview process was quick.. Still old fashioned and desorganized. not organized, not sure how the plan is for skilling. Hours are sometimes long and inflexible. Can't think of any, so far.. Don’t look after their people we’ll enough. Development is all about box ticking, which has been very hard this year.. Salary can be low compared to the industry average. Heavy staff turnover currently putting pressure on staff. So far I don’t have any cons to present. turbulent atmosphere at times, but should settle. No cons to mention here. - very difficult to move around internally
- pay is below average
- management has some bad eggs. Speed of any change has paralysed so many parts of the business.. Insurance call centre job is boring tbh, more like a means to an end rather than a ‘work there full time forever’ job. There were like two people of colour in the new employees, obviously fulfilling diversity quotas. Progression not great - company is flat-structured.

Recent headcount reduction has reduced morale.. Poor pay
Poor bonuses
Still a bit of an “old boys club” but changing. Traveling frequently high stress work. Some senior managers do not live up to the values of the company. Pay is not always as competitive if worked there for a long time. A number of management & underwriting missteps continue to drag on the operations and their ability to effectively distribute product.  An uncanny ability to put the wrong people in the wrong positions, which never ends well.. Understaffed and lack of experience. Benefits could be updated .. Leadership and operational set up makes life difficult sometimes.. Little respect for staff
No meritrocity
Large expense ratio with a lot of inefficiencies and cottage industries. In a long period of cost cutting, loss of service to brokers and general lack of customer focus. Confused on what to do with CS interns exactly, new to having them.. I prefer not to say. Toxic leadership, they don't live the values they promote and hostile to anyone that shows courage to disagree or improve the environment. Not everyone subscribes to that same ethos but they are few and far between.. The resourcing model is very very restrictive, so you will need to be accountable for every minute of every day. Annual leave and flexible working are not very flexible, and when are very busy, there is little support/understanding of the effects that this has on overall performance, productivity and morale.. management poor hierarchy mental health support. Management change what's expected of you very frequently, sometimes without notice (around targets etc)
Shifts also seem to be changed whenever they like too. there are no cons for working here!. Certain teams are a great, others are subpar. Often long hours and heavy workload. Nothing bad to say it. Not always given the opportunity to progress.. workload is disrespectful of balance, does everything on a shoestring, very poor at organisation change and software change leaving to 'make do and mend' situations that are never 'mended'.. Not the highest salaries and bonuses have been lower recently. Wants everyone to have asperations of being CEO. Under values those that just want to do a job and go home. A clique of senior staff that appears to be untouchable no matter what they do, solution appears to be to move them to another office.. Does not have the best social side. A lot of turnover. Not much brand recognition in US.. Nothing negative as I enjoyed my work experience. Service delivery center is a sinking ship
No long term plan
Trying to completely outsource the assistant role
More concerned with quantity than quality. Lack of Growth, Heavy Workload,. Lots of change at senior executive level, uncertain strategic goals, basic pay not really competitive. Not much flexibility or upward mobility.. - Not so much a con but a new way of working for me; the management is quite flat so you get a change to get your fingers stuck into whatever you want... I quickly learned that saying something was a good idea is essentially a hands up for running with the idea (I really like this but just a huge change for me). I have nothing negativ to say. None so far in the first 1,5 years. Nithing is there for cons. Occasional IT issues with Working remotely. -Extreme levels of micromanagement, they pretty much want to know when you go to the bathroom
-misleading job description during recruitment (it is in fact a call center job), 
-everyday is like living in a bad Karen meme, it would actually be funny if it was just a sitcom and not real life
-Also they do not provide computers or mobile phones during COVID for home office, you have to download all the programs they use to your personal computer and phone which ruins the battery life. The management don’t always handle their team fairly.. conservative pay scale ; bonus not guaranteed. A bit too full of themselves. Management isn't always reachable. Too many emails about numbers and achievements of the 'Bronek-club'.. Bureaucracy - they never quite nailed how to prioritise effectively, which often led to a "whoever shouts the loudest, gets" syndrome.

International and cross business-unit collaboration could be a lot better but hindered a bit by federated business model.

Diversity - Hiscox is ahead of the insurance industry, especially Lloyd's syndicates, and makes active efforts to improve, but it's still not a perfectly diverse place.. Inefficient IT Processes , federated nature of business makes it hard to implement change quickly. None None none none none. Networking works in an aggressive way. little room for growth, no bonuses. Could sometimes feel quite monotonous.. Can't figure out how to consistently make money
Leadership changes often and seems confused
Very limited career growth opportunities. If you work in the US forget it, most senior jobs/ direction comes from London we are just a puppet
Pay below market value. Need to work on d&I
senior management do not live the values
Pay isn't on par with the market - especially if promoted internally.. The commute was long for me. No obvious cons come to mind. Not many in my experience. sometimes bad management for certain teams. I wish I was here sooner. A lot of change recently, which can be unsettling. Flat management structure means decision making can take some time.. Overtime required but no additional payment for time.. Busy during Christmas - like the rest of the reinsurance market. Lack of Senior Leadership.  Corporate culture is deteriorating.. - A lot of change currently (and more required). No cons, the company is great. Below average pay
Multiple change projects increasing workload. Fire fighting siloed growing rapidly. Nothing to apoin in this subject. Too London centric for a global company. Becoming more like other companies as Hiscox grows. -Classism: A few token working-class people have climbed from years ago.  Yet, this ladder has been pulled up by them.

-Nepotism is rife. Chances are given to those who have family members that do business with Hiscox.

-You can be competent and complete the highest workload. Yet, your caste will decide your value in the company. Are you attractive? Connected? And so on.... Due to the company being in different jurisdictions it can be very challenging at times to sync up timings/meetings between individuals. Still working through growing pains.. Pay is not the best compared to the work you put in. Staff pressurised. 
Confusing leadership. 
Too much change.. None found so far in my 5 months of employment.. Long working hours as expected in audit, but not as hectic as in the big 4.. top heavy company, difficult to move up unless stick around forever.. Training was poor when I joined. poor systems and too many new people. Work life balance is sometimes non-existent. Management should take classes on how to manage.. - IT systems not the quickest. - Lots of work on - many big programmes all at once.
- Autonomy and personal responsibility not for those who want an easy ride.. Fast pace but keeps you busy. No company issued laptops. Have to be here for 6 months before WFH approval.. Growing pains ... it is everywhere especially around areas that are not directly related to the sales growth. 
IT infrastructure is pretty outdated with daily issues and unfortunately just like anywhere else competent employees having to deal with incompetent coworkers while it is everywhere not just at Hiscox, due to high number of new employees, incompetency is well hidden and not noted by managers.  This creates perception of unfairness and no accountability, especially to people who really contribute.. There is nothing more to add.. This company has very much a start-up feel, it can be difficult if you're unable to roll with the punches.  This place is not for everyone, but those that have a drive, desire, and will to push themselves outside their comfort zone, there is truly unlimited potential here.. Hiscox has a 100% open working environment, even managers and executives sit in the open with the rank and file. This takes some  getting used to, and after a while it can be fun interacting with your counterparts.. Senior leadership is poisoned, ex AIG guys in charge are not good leaders and do not care about people.
Everyone has an agenda and manipulation is common
Highly political environment 
Many years of very small to no bonus and many people receiving no pay increases 
Office is very crowded and dirty, wait in line for bathrooms, can’t get meeting rooms without advanced planning
Very tight expense budgets and pressure. - Health benefits are limited and expensive compared to other companies
- Large workloads at times
- Depending on your location, competition for advancement can be competitive. Hiscox is a global company, but sometimes we do not always align from US vs. home office in London, and message is not always clear on what to expect fro across the pond.. - Ineligible for Christmas Hamper unless you start by 1 June. None that I have come across. Starting to become a bigger company, struggling with change. Losing some of what made it special. Nothing identified in my first 6 months. Some truly incompetent people are in charge of some of the largest/most profitable teams. They are rewarded for the achievements of their staff despite the results being achieved in spite of them, rather than because of them. They consistently score low on employee feedback but nothing changes.
There is absolutely no common sense
There is a real arrogance that Hiscox are right and that their people know best, even though many have only worked at Hiscox; there’s no real awareness of how other companies do things or that most companies do things better – better systems, better processes, better training, more logical structure, more and better data.  There's no learning from other companies, or attempts not to make the same mistakes.
You will only get recognition if you are mates with someone above you, face fits is the over-riding hiring technique, which is why there are so many unsuitable  managers. 
If you talk a good game and you have some well-placed friends, but you don’t do your job properly or at all, Hiscox is the place for you.. none yet, early in my career. Overall too many system changes. Absolutely there are no Cons. None really, was overall fine. In the UK business there has been a lot of changes recently and it does seem to signal a potential shift in culture and fracturing from the wider business.
If you don't fit with the culture you probably wont like it and wont want to stay.. Obsolete systems. A lot of business units in different countries can make our jobs and tasks hard. Size objectives mentality leadership lack of experience. - Inconsistency in work processes within teams and TL's
- A lot of people are leaving the company and not just being promoted
- Hard juggling shift work when you have children or disabilities. Sometimes the processes can be a bit disorganized due to the size of the company. That causes some delays in the work when we need multiple teams to focus on a single task.. Everything was perfect, no complaints. Nothing during these first months that I joined the Company. As with any multi-national company, the aforementioned positive points may be more or less visible in practice depending on the team.

Although some processes are very lean in UK offices, in Lisbon we still have some way to go. Nothing that can't be done, however.. As the company continues to grow, a lot of the changes have removed the HUMAN element in the work space. In addition, it has too many silos. They love throwing the words/phrases "Integrity", "Encourage Courage" and being "Human" around  and yet they forget that actions speak louder than words.. Very Strong “Boys Culture”.  Not the best place for women and minorities that desire to move up as you may struggle to be respected and included in the informal networks that lead to success.

Technology is a challenge as they use a server you have to sign into a Remote Desktop.
 
A highly collaborative culture has its pros and cons as sometimes things become too collaborative with decisions not being made and efficiency being lost. It often turns into the loudest most dominant voice and personality takes reign in group settings.

The open office concept is also hugely distracting. You do get used to it, but some productivity is definitely lost.. Maybe too much informations spread everywere. if the face fits is still rife.. 1. Challenges from growing pain. In some areas it means dealing with historical issues. 
2. Turnover is common. The company is not for people who just wants a routine job.. Still growing, needs to be a bit more organized.. If you do not like working in an open and collaborative environment it may not be a good fit for you.. If you are very senior then you do well with share options,  large bonuses etc. Everyone else is just cannon fodder.. They expect you to sell sell sell and pay a below average wage for what is expected of you.  Bonus is annual so its doesn't matter if you sell 5 policies or 100 policies ... your bonus is capped at a percentage of you salary.. I haven't found any for now.. The only thing that needs improving is the claims system and this is on their radar anyway.. I haven't come across any at the moment!. This massively depends on which department you're in. I am sad to say I'm not surprised by many of the comments concerning the UKSA and its a shame, because all of the teams within it seem to really get on well. I decline to comment further on it, but the comments aren't baseless.

In my current role, I would say that pretty content. If I had to pick a con, I would say lack of training but this is something management are aware of and are looking to improve.

There are also legislative constraints due to Brexit meaning there is basically almost no upwards opportunity for career growth in UKSC. Limited options elsewhere, but feasible if you are ambitious.. - (Some) slow decision making, although that's a trait of insurance companies
- Internal systems and processes becoming out-dated, although are being worked on
-  Hiscox have the capability to broaden appetite and generally do more, would be nice to see this being adopted quicker.. It is a fast paced environment and intellectually challenging so if you are laid back and do not see hard work as a priority, it might not be the environment for you .... No constructive criticism nor anything negative to say about this company and its management.. There can be a little disorganization with things moving so fast.. No formal training plan in place for my role.. Big turnover in teams ( Like all smalls insurers in the French market). Lack of Technology, resources and structure. Growing pains... constant change in processes and systems and the company scales up. Lean environment so lots of work to go around.. No equal opportunities given to employees within the teams, management are not honest.. Management, lack of communication, favouritism, lack of people management. can't think of any yet. - Start with a 6 month contract and no benefits with the uncertainty of extension. 
- Training was minimal so it was a few tough months figuring out the processes and the insurance language. We were fortunate to have a supporting team that were able to guide us through our struggles and make it work.. The management in Lisbon's UKSC is really mediocre. There's a believe in prosaic concepts, like daily endless speeches, full with empty cliches; the middle-management is expected to never leave home before the top management; continuous use of obsolete work tools, while being adverse to innovation (everything runs on a million excel sheets);  there's a constant dispute over other UK teams, instigated by the UKSC management; what is promoted is not merit, but allegiance to the hierarchy, so that the appearance of a job well done goes on; following this logic, the middle-management's job is more to ascertain the top-management, so there's a very particular skill set that is sought after for this role; and lastly, after participating in many management meetings, they plainly mistreat or joke about other employees  behind heir backs, with full impunity. Worst management I've ever encountered and the head management in England is somewhat responsible, for not realising what's going on.. Meetings for meeting sake - they should be set at 30 mins maximum
Complex structure means there can be too many stakeholders on certain projects slowing progress
IT - not enough investment in the systems needed for people to do their job. Making sure people are still feeing valued as we grow.. Life at Hiscox is never a slow pace and there are moments where it feels overwhelming.  This is a result of being a company that is growing leaps and bounds each year.  In the end, the hard work pays off and you really see what you are capable of accomplishing as an individual and team. Teams stay busy and work hard but work/life balance is manageable with the PTO and flexible working policies.. Budgets/Salary Limitations
LEAN Organization: You'll Wear  Multiple Hats AND Work Long Hours
Flat Organization: Limited Growth Opportunity. Hiscox does a lot of great things and there is a ton of opportunity to get involved in may projects and/or initiatives.  We need to be careful not to overcommit so that we can deliver our best work product.  Overall, the cons are few and far between.  Hiscox is a great place to work.. The fast and enormous growth of Hiscox is both a pro and a con as change at times may be difficult to adapt; however, with growth comes opportunity!. Being a lean company means that there really is never a "down" moment.  Enjoying what you do each day, does make all the difference but it can be a bit overwhelming from time to time.  People/teams do depend on the work that you do & there are definitely tight turn-around times in order to continue growing the company the way we are.  All in all - I really do not have any real "cons" but if I have to chose one, that would be it!. The job description coming in was a little vague, but what you can expect at least at first is there will be a learning curve, and there will be data entry. LOTS of it. The people teaching you haven’t been with the company a year yet themselves in some cases, but they are pretty smart so at least there’s that. One thing though is: you need to be prepared to be flexible with change. Just learn to hang loose and be up for anything. You don’t need a P & C license, but you do need to be prepared to take notes like you’re in college. The future seems uncertain because of the general shake-up within the insurance industry as a whole, so if you have an insurance background, and have been with a company for several years, shake off the dust because times are changing. Outsourcing, etc is everywhere now. Too early to tell if there truly is room for advancement like they say there is. So far so good but have no idea what will be happening a year from now. As long as you’re good with change and adapting, you should be ok.. - I haven't been here long enough to have a definitive opinion on the negative aspects of Hiscox. 
- Based on location (York Office) it isn't easy to live near the office / York. House prices are extortionate within a 10 mile radius of York . If Hiscox could look at the commute staff make to work and see if they could help with this it would be great as a 1.5 hour commute (each way) really takes it out of you!. Lean workforce means that while we each have the ability to make an impact, workload can sometimes be difficult to manage.. Pay and promotions have nothing to do with results.  Looking at the US Sr. Leadership team (especially Eric and Bob) makes many embarrassed to be an employee. Parking at Colchester, dreary looking office but overall, no bad points. No company is perfect - if there was such a perfect place then the minute an imperfect human joined the company then it would no longer be perfect.  So far I feel that Hiscox as a company wants to be the best and strives to do so.. No cycle to work scheme,. I wouldn't say there were many except occasional group politics but this happens everywhere.. I don't know about other business areas, but in the context of IT, it can be a frustrating place to work. Not only does each business unit have it's own way of working, but even within those BUs, each team does things their own way. There are few readily available standards or processes, so trying to figure out how to do even the most basic things can be a nightmare.. A time of massive change in the company impacting office locations.
Question mark over Agile methodology for infrastructure projects.
Certain aspects of the business very London-centric.. None that I can think of. People work under constant pressure and numbers are management number one priority, at least in UKSC Lisbon department. Turnover higher then before and employees unhappy and frustrated. Managers don't take responsibility for their actions and words spoken and have zero capacity to manage teams. Salary is low for the work you have to do and knowledge you have to have. Politics and gossiping are things that need to be deeply addressed. If you are friends with the boss, you'll do just fine there.. I don´t have any cons. Some managers do not know how claims work as never done that. Some bullying still swept under the carpet. Training needs to be improved.. Until now I can not name any cons. To begin with, Hiscox comes across really well.  The people seem friendly, the salaries seem good, the business is going in the right direction financially.  But then the cracks start to appear.  Management make decisions about employees without any real thought.  I sat in one meeting where a lady was being discussed on how to fire her when she had been suffering from serious mental health issues.  HR was present and didn't set any example of how to handle this situation, she in fact spoke very lowly of the employee involved.    As a senior manager myself, I struggled with the true culture within Hiscox.. It is a very busy and driven organisation, whilst that's not necessarily a bad thing because, it's better to be busy than not, it can be demanding.. Diversity, compensation and middle management. there are no cons for me right now, others may have a different view. If I had to be picky and find one thing I would say sometimes the workload can get busy and on top of you especially when covering colleagues who are away so need to find a way to fix that.. Wouldn't allow you to challenge pay without threat of a disciplinary

As I went from my 20's to my 30's and found my voice their was no respect that I had developed from the young new starter I had been.

Were not supportive when I had a difficult period of bereavement and a burn out due to the workload. This was more due to the manager that was in place and is no longer there however HR were not supportive and I felt alone and no choice but to leave. I write this as I have friends still working there and they are having similar experiences.. - incompetent management in Lisbon
- very bad working atmosphere, no teamwork, everyone is frustrated and not able to speak up
- a working day is characterized by fear
- The management wants to know every single minute what you are working on, you are not even free to go to the restroom without telling the team
- what matters is quantity and not quality, they focus on impossible numbers
- My manager threatened me to fire me if I don't work faster
- Overtime and Saturday work is assumed, even on bank holidays
- no motivation is given to work on weekends/ it is in no comparison to the salary and kind of job
- The team feels like a “slave” for Germany, like an outsourcing department with cheap labor
- high fluctuation is already calculated on the new joiners but the management still don't want to change the way of working and treating
people, rather waste their time with training new people than maintain experienced people.
- I also noticed in the past mobbing of new joiners, as a consequence they left
- Me and other team members were psychologically drained
- The sick leaves were constantly high in the team
- too much hierarchy in a small team which leads to a bad team spirit
- unfair division of responsibilities/tasks
- too many phone calls (always the same few people have to deal with hundreds of calls), but in between you have to get your work done and defend yourself if you couldn't 
- It is expected to answer or to deal with complex cases on the phone without having any background information of insurances, which almost nobody in the team has
- the managers exerts pressure on the team all the time, work is never good enough 
- the management is manipulative and uses people for their purposes/profit and favoritisim is popular.
I can not recommend at all. Politics, politics, politics 
Progression only for those who shout the loudest - or are favoured by the people who have authority. 
Disengaged workforce is just getting worse. 
Terrible management across the business.. Male-dominated environment
Maternity policy is pretty standard. -On-boarding was not very structured or well designed for people coming in with no insurance background
-More of a 'figure it out as you go' structure rather than 'let me teach you things' (people WILL teach you things, but you need to proactively ask for help). Non so far! Honestly an amazing company.. The work is hard, keeps you busy.. sometimes uncoordinated and thoughtlessly decisions. Pay is mid range and based on low titles, there is no sick leave, industry is unstable profit wise and the bonus structure is miniscule, management is inexperienced or to far removed from the teams, the company structure is flat and confusing, there is very little communication between departments and poor performance is ignored.  With the amount of turnover and poor performance the bulk of work falls on good people and then they leave too.  They talk a lot about engagement and improving working conditions but care more about the bottom line to actually help.  They are quick to change when it creates profit, but problems always follow for the people who support them.  They are slow to change when it may actually help morale or work load.. Can become a segmented company. I cannot help but wonder if some of the overly positive reviews on here have been planted. The internal engagement survey results and staff turnover in certain areas tell a very different story to what is being said here. I do think how happy you would be working at Hiscox can depend a lot on what area you work in or who you work for, and things were and still are far from rosy in the area I worked in. 
-The place was surprisingly old school in its mentality, quite 1990s 
-The company values were never mentioned and nowhere to be seen, what is the point of having them.
-Lack of diversity, especially considering the London office is in one of the world's most diverse cities, you just do not see it when you enter the building. 
-Some people get paid a lot to do very little whilst others are not paid so well and do a lot, what is that all about Hiscox?
-The structure is supposedly flat but not really, managers will pretend to be interested in what you have to say but either completely ignore it or start to ignore you if you turn out to be someone who would ever dare to disagree with them or challenge something they cannot be bothered to change.
-A lot of arrogance amongst senior managers
-No training or development support when I started, apart from some standard e-learning. This still has not changed some years later. 
-You can work from home but the in office hours were not that flexible in the area I worked in,
I could go on but to summarise, Hiscox is a large place and there is no way the whole place is as wonderful and amazing as it is made out to be on Glassdoor. Some areas have it better than others.. Open office.  Some terrible leaders who are putting morale in jeopardy.. Flat structure with limited opportunity for upward mobility, salary isn’t as competitive as other companies, long hours.. Limited flexibility with work schedule (but getting better!), IT systems can be frustrating, structure is relatively flat so sometimes you have to wait a long time for opportunities for advancement to open up, but this is improving with the growth of the company. training could have been better as I personally learn better with some hands on to absorb the information, especially when there is a great deal of info to take in.
a few IT issues at start, however in all fairness, I don't think I've worked any place that didn't have IT issues for new employees.  IT Staff was great in helping get things worked out.. Claim reporting system could use a little more structure. Needs to be little more streamlined.. No flexibility on when you can get to work and when you can leave.
Too focused on #'s
Not nimble
Not collaborative
Terrible training
In order to work from home you have to go through an application process and it's not flexible at all. Management tries to discourage working from home.. Diversity is the worst.  Being the only ethnic minority person in my whole team of more than 30 people.  I'm more paranoid now in case I do something wrong and get fired for it. I believe I was hired to try and mix things a bit.  Too little to late. 

I really like it here, but not sure I would stay long.. Typical bureaucracy. The management is highly inaccessible due to a very meeting heavy culture.. Working from home is limited.. No cons as of yet. Lots of work to be done but everyone is hands on.. If there are any I haven't found them yet.. Hiscox is a great place for employees that have the confidence to drive their own careers forward - however it can be a highly stressful and overwhelming place for Employees which can lead to a serious lack in confidence. Particularly for women. It feels like at Hiscox the high levels of stresss and massive workloads are just brushed over by management. They don’t realize how incredibly damaging this can be to a persons overall mental well-being. Both internal and external socializing always seems to centre around drinking, again not great for mental well-being. Very hard for employees to switch off with emails/WhatsApp’s coming in at all hours on personal phones. While working from home can seem like a great benefit for some, there is little or no IT support for this, you’re simply expected to carry out your work on a small laptop at home which for those in more technical roles can be annoying.. - One of the most dynamic insurers but I imagine they are still behind other sectors e.g. tech / media.
- Perception that they don't pay as well as other financial services companies. A new starter training plan would have been nice. Increasing size risks losing some of the special magic. Lots of resistance to change due to internal changes. 
On-boarding process for new joiners could be better, no clear/ defined training programme.. Lots of new employees which sometimes makes it difficult to advance certain projects timely and efficiently.. The  pressure for numbers is constant, at times it contrast with the first point. Lots of office gossip, and quieter hard workers can be overlooked. Favoritism plays a role based on involvement/overtime and general attitude.. - Lack of recognition 
- Could do more in the respect of development plans / opportunities for more junior employees. - Some of the internal systems aren't the slickest (e.g. room booking tool and expense tool)
- From my point of view, that's all I have to say re cons!. Speed of delivery can make high quality results difficult. Flexible working is not yet fully in the culture but is accepted. IT support can be hard to navigate along with initial start up of system requirements etc.  Better support for new joiners is a must. - Some outdated systems that will be updated.. Managers are not professional, they treat you like another tired employee, atmosphere is absolutely not professional. managers even dress like they are going to the club!  No one likes to take Sup calls!. I don’t really have much negative to say as I like working here but if anything I would say that the ever expanding red tape of the FCA regulations makes the job role more and more challenging but that’s not really a reflection on Hiscox.. No real cons at the moment - loving it : ). Could do with more support for new starters outside of the insurance industry - there are courses available but they are few and far between!. I can't think of any so far. I am happy :). In some areas Hiscox still is a kind of start up. Happy to create but not everything works on its own. Needs effort. (is this a con?!). Salary could be better
A clear career path for each scheme. I don't have any cons about the company. Add more technology to eliminate manual processes.. Management (many in roles of management do not have experience nor qualifications/attitude to be Team Leads or Managers and have negative/non helpful attitudes), lack of potential to grow with company, culture/values are non existent. Company is still a growing company, but with that being said they have a lot of work to do.. Initial training/induction is too vague.. None that I can think of.. For me - Travel it's a long way into London, but that is offset by the work from home options. I really can't think of anything else.. Incredibly corporate
Once “human” culture now almost non-existent
Lack of care for staff wellbeing
Too many hoops to jump through and you must be part of the clique to get ahead
Service to customers very bad at the moment so risk of downward spiral. Restricted from an underwriting perspective. There are a few low-mid level managers who seemed to have slipped through the cracks and are allowed to manage teams of people with little to no management experience. This lack of experience is reflected.. The salaries could be slightly higher. However, everything is great.. Lack of organisation maturity (process wise). Can have heavy workloads in the role.. -Low investment on resources like systems
- knowledge is associated with Age which make young workers demotivated. Opportunity realization at times outpacing support capability upgrades. Generally no negative experiences to date.. have not experienced anything I would define as a con to note on here.. Relatively flat organization. Not a lot of opportunity to move up. Competitive sales nature, slightly offputting. We just can't stop working. I can't think of any!. Not everyone will be comfortable with His cox's highly individualistic culture. However,  for those who enjoy this type of environment it is a great place to build your career.. Growing pains due to a rapidly growing company.. They have lost all of the same people mentioned above. The company will emphasize in the interview process they are only interested in “top performers” and your track record will lead you to a successful pay day over time. Employees buy into the pitch at first, however, mismanagement at both the product and personnel level has lead Hiscox to become an unreliable partner to its brokers. The company is outmatched when it faces the industry powerhouses due to its lack of capacity and does not have the nimble ness to keep up with new market entrants. Structurally, they are equally flawed. There is a “product side” and a “field management side.” The concept that a company with less than 1Bn in USA GWP needs that structure is unreasonable. No one has their eye on the right ball, product people watch bottom line and top people want revenue but they have no product knowledge. Nobody is on the same page, making this company a layup acquisition target.  Failure to promote internally leads to their turnover problems.. Morale is extremely low!! Too much change in too short a time frame. Resourcing WAY too low. Not able to provide “superb service” or even “halfway decent service”! Lots of talk of leaving.... Personal development and structured training has been non-existent for 12 Months +. Pay is average, however Huscox prides itself on quality of staff— which doesn’t add up and many leave for better pay.. 2 weeks in only but so far what's not to like.. The only fear is of the large growth in team size over the next year or so impacting on the wonderful culture. Knowing the individuals that managed my recruitment, I feel confident that the environment we treasure is in safe hands.. would prefer to be permanent. I am yet to experience any cons of working here so far!. I haven't come across any issues so far.. In Iberia there are to much dependence from operation departments.. Open format in the office can be a little much at times when you need quiet to focus and maybe even privacy for personal calls. Within my first week I was in video meetings, which is good but can be a little much when a simple screen share could solve the trick. I had some access issues in the beginning which took some time to get and it should have been available on day one with the requirements of my role. I miss the work at home days I had with my previous employer. At least one day would help to break up the monotony of working in a corporate environment for 5 days a week.. Structures still have to be created in some cases. - Pressure sometimes because of emergencies. In some departments morale is shockingly low and has been so for a long time. It feels like Hiscox pushes staff beyond their limits, compromising work life balance drastically. Many colleagues tell me that they feel they are never good enough no matter how much they sacrifice their own time/ sleep/ family etc.
Pay is targeted at industry median. This means less than average mean calculations. Laptops/ phones/ cars not always provided to staff who are expected to be out of the office.. - You need to be quite independent and proactive if you want to rise up to expectations. To be honest I so far have not encountered any cons to working here.. I don't have any comments about this.. The open floor plan takes a bit to get used to, but after a while it's fine.. The wine hamper at Christmas may lead to more hangovers than I'd otherwise have.. The company likes to talk about how they appreciate the people who work there - not true, you are indeed just a robot working toward impossible numbers. 
The management is incompetent (in Lisbon), they have no idea what they are doing or how to handle people. It is a requirement to work on Saturdays, well not in your contract but if you say no, you are not a team player and not team players are not welcome. If you talk with a colleague what is not work related to work there is someone in 5 min to ask if you need more work and your numbers are never going to be high enough.
There are internal issues, gossips, very toxic place to be especially when the values are so important to talk about but not to keep.
No bank holidays at all...
No real help with your work what extremely boring.
The fluctuation of employees is really high because of the mentioned reasons but it is not acknowledged, management does not take responsibility.. High pressure environment, with unspoken expectation to work longer hours. - Could do better on benefits such as gym membership and maternity pay. Poor pay and deteriorating leadership in US that now seems to be turning into a good old boys club. UK and Europe seem to have better leadership.  But in US there has been an exodus of top leaders in last 2 years and keep replacing with white men who have almost no proven experience for the jobs they are in.  Company is no longer about our values or best qualified candidates (internal or external), and instead senior management seems focused on safeguarding their own careers ahead of what's good for business and employees.. It’s hard to know exactly what the development opportunities are; not sure if a move would be horizontal or vertical from the job ads. The offices are all open work spaces which can take some time to adjust to but offer the chance to learn from those around you and which provide opportunity for collaboration.. - Some critical areas/functions still have shortfalls on a regular basis but hopefully management are continuously thinking of ways to improve.
- High staff turnover in some regional offices. Nothing to add so far.. As we've gotten larger, we've been slower to change strategy or upgrade products that have left us slightly behind competitors at times.. - Some toxic senior leadership emerging, particularly in new hires / promotions (which could spell a new direction)
- Insurance isn't very exciting, it doesn't matter which way you cut it! (But then you already knew that)
- Very corporate and 'old school'. Bit of a 'boy's club' in some areas 
- London office is quite old fashioned. Tech is also outdated (don't expect a laptop). reduced workforce leading to stress. It's lean and sometimes you really feel that - everyone is expected to achieve a lot and often cover a broad spectrum of work. There's not always promotional opportunities in your particular area which is a shame if you want to progress in your field (although they are open to you trying new things which is good).. Significant amounts of organizational change are causing confusion in terms of direction and priorities, taking overall morale down.. Senior leadership teams in certain areas are consist of a mixture of “know it all” consultants or “jobs for who you know”
- The above creates a void between the management teams and the people who care (esp in technical areas)
- Struggling with growing to a large company and are losing their human value 
- Don’t try to provide feedback and solutions as the senior teams mold them to distract people away from what counts. Office is too small
The lifts and toilets. There is a really toxic, laddish culture that is not just accepted but often encouraged by senior managers. Women are objectified and made to feel uncomfortable. There is a real 'jobs for the boys' attitude, especially among the underwriting teams.

Financial regulation often ignored internally. 

Training is not structured or uniform and varies massively between managers. Salaries for different roles don't seem to correspond to skill level. Huge level of snobbery, especially on the underwriting side. 

It is a really obtrusive, stuffy place to work.. Salary is not as high as could be for such an establish company.. Recently IT has been undergoing quite a few changes in leadership, with many long time employees leaving the company for various reasons.. So far, I have yet to identify any cons.. I've not come across any so far. I am really unable to find any!. High growth equals high volume of work and constant change. You have to be willing to work hard to succeed... it's not a job, it's a lifestyle.. Do not leave a full time position to work at Hiscox.

IT professionals and underwriting teams share the same problems with management as the fall same management team.

The process are largely undocumented. There are 50 different situation. You must depend on your coworkers to provide the correct information. There is a "error" system and the older team member do not mark each others work wrong. It makes reporting look really screwed as newer team members receive errors and ultimately warnings  . There are 100s of policies completed each month it is impossible not to make a error.  

If you enter the building seconds late or you seat, you may be written up.  Management has been allowed to yell at team members . My 8 person team had a turn over of 6 people in 1 year. 

Team Leaders are just yes people and does not stand up to other managers ect. when appropriate.. high competition and bullying. None that I've experienced so far. Lots of turnover (people leaving for other opportunities, not being fired). They train really good underwriters but struggle retaining them. Salary could be higher, but the vacation and profit sharing make up for that.. Lacking on induction for new starters.. Too many grey areas on call marking, e.g your encouraged to think like an underwriter and when you do your marked down if your auditor doesn’t agree personally with your referral.

The company is a little bit snobbish too, has values but from my experience doesn’t always follow through with them.

With my academy manager it felt like a popularity contest more than an ability based academy, during my time I failed a call and there was a grey area but it wasn’t acknowledged but others in my academy failed the calls but were marked as successful in passing after being asked “what would you do differently next time?” Seemingly based on likability rather than ability.

Really poor computer system that doesn’t work properly a lot of the time.

Was told by a TM the underwriting guide was not up to date but told from early we must follow this.

Underwriters are overworked and not always easily accessible.. None cons experienced so far. Well find could be more remote work opportunity. But in the long run that is not a major con or issue.. The way in which language is used, the company relies heavily on jargon and all conversations are heavily jargonated. This often leads to frustration, especially for new members who would benefit from a more direct and straight approach. There is also a massive drive to try to generate and create a family atmosphere and this feels really false and forced. The idea is commendable but it just feels weird when a person on 200 x the amount you are on is talking to you about shared vision.

Also they love a meeting to discuss a meeting about a meeting....it's almost as if some people are paid large amounts of money to talk nonsense...which is incredibly frustrating and infuriating.. Pay is low for the industry.  Flat structure means career advancement is difficult/impossible in some areas of the business. Pay rises are on inflation or below regardless of experience or performance yoy.  Internal candidates can be overlooked for roles with too much focus placed on school and university names during recruitment.. None I can think of.  The whole process went very smoothly and I couldn’t think of anything that would have improved it.. There is no set training structure beyond the second month. You have to be very proactive to continue your development. If you are not, you will get frustrated. The tools are provided to facilitate your learning and development, so don't expect any hand-holding.. I am yet to find any cons of working for Hiscox. None that I can think of at this time.  Note I have been in Hiscox < 1 year.. If you do not like going out of your comfort zone this would not be for you.. Could be more support for new joiners. - The social aspect of activities with work colleagues is lacking, especially in non-London offices. Not a great amount of corporate social responsibility, but there are employees who are trying to improve this.. Sometimes we need to do some overtime, but it's part of the challenge. Not being able to drink during the day, We are all grown up and in my opinion I think it's a bit OTT.. Bureaucracy can be heavy
Work loads can be demanding. No a con at all (!) but if you are looking for a 'typical' insurance job at Hiscox, you are at the the wrong place.. Too many departures and arrivals within the company.. Change in Senior Management is not rare at Hiscox USA.. The leadership is poor, pay is low, and turnover is high.. I could not find anything bad.. The organization is flat. No room for growth. Managers are young and fairly inexperienced beyond Hiscox. Most people first “real” job outside of college. Great place to start but can get stuck because of relaxed company culture. Pay isn’t on par with industry standards.. -Have to work hard for the salary increases
-Can get paid more at other companies. No cons to working here. the change of the rules for bank holidays: working on bank holidays meant at Hiscox extra payment and one compensation day. Now they cancelled the compensation day.. Due to the infrastructure, the cafeteria it's quite noisy.. I really don't have any....especially when it seems like  the company is firing on all cylinders. Large company so it can be hard to grasp what goes on as a group when there are so many different departments that you never get an insight into. open seating area. Sometimes its difficult to concentrate in this type of environment.. No drinking in working hours mean you can't have a glass of wine with a meal or go for a team drink at lunch, it inhibits trading and team camaraderie.. Unable to comment as yet to experience any in my short time so far.. Being in the middle of the City has its downsides!. There are no cons thus far. Hiscox provides a healthy and satisfying work culture and I am happy to be a team member.. Yet to find any cons. They have an "open office" concept.  At first, I thought it was a negative.  But, it is actually a positive.  It allows you to get to know others.  It encourages getting to know the people you work with, which is important.  In many companies, you only interact with others at meetings and at company functions.  At Hiscox, you interact every day and get to know other people.. Insurance in general is stuck in very old, out dated practices. Low pay compared to the rest of the market. Ensuring transparency of upcoming changes. Any downsides for the moment.. There is a lack of communication in the office with a very large turnover rate.
The structuring of the company, departments and roles themselves does not lend to very much upward movement and makes it difficult to progress both job wise and pay wise.  
The hiring standards for entry level positions are pretty low and many of the hires have a poor work ethic and no drive to do well in their role 
Too many people waste time and spend too much time on their phones
They talk a lot about making positive changes geared toward the employee but they never really get implemented and they don't trickle down.
No sick days or option to buy extra days off a year.. I can't think of something. from a business perspective: small size of the multinational network. Honestly, none that I can think of.. Perhaps a few less meetings would be good. I just started at Hiscox, so I don't have anything.. None whatsoever, as far as I can tell.. I cannot think of any cons for working for Hiscox.. Training and feedback sometimes too often and intense. very flat structure, very high goals. Not a cons as such, there is a lot to get your head around when you first join with the inner understandings of internal structures, lots of change therefore you need to be adaptable and agile to work here!. They expect a lot from you in return. But you feel rewarded for it, so it all balances out. Not much flexibility as with other teams. (Flexible scheduling / remote working). Shame we cant drink at lunch. Hr are snakes.. Pay less than competitors, less innovative than some other competitors but this isn't unique to the company. Still a very underwriter-focused company.. - Not enough desk space. Some informatic systems are outdated. some of the people shouldn't be there.. My drive into work is the only Con I have. sometimes a 2 hour drive.. I have none so far.. Those who shout louder tend to do better.
Growing rapidly and is being run lean. Significant increase in staff stress levels as resource is very tight. Departments not treated equally.. It's a fair trek away from my house.. There are different approaches from one country to others.. As a detailed-technical person, I find the technology to be a bit behind-the-times.  Also, there are a lot of third-party systems, software or cloud components being used.  Much of the labor/support is done by third-party support/contracted personnel.  It is challenging to understand, communicate or contact parties involved when significant issues appear.. Compensation - turnover is rising for junior level staff as a result.. Some parts of the business are quite old school, and very male dominated. Maternity package is average to poor. Not much flexible working happening yet.. Lean corporate structure limits visibility to career path. We run very lean and we have small teams with lofty goals - but we also achieve them.  You have to be organized and confident in order to deliver superior results not over-promise. Sometimes the career path is unclear and you have to be willing to change in order to help the business react to market conditions - however, it is a meritocracy where dedication, hard work and brains are rewarded.. Managers are not fully trained to treat employees well.. The company does have some challenges with resourcing underwriters in broker channel - unfortunately, our high quality staff tend to get promoted or poached, and it then takes time to recruit and train replacements.  This does cause additional pressure on existing staff - managers do their utmost to try to relieve this.  And they do care.. None that I can think of so far.. Nothing to note here at this time. I can not really say anything. Senior Underwriters were very needy and dependent on others (including Admin Staff), Admin staff seemed overworked and did unnecessary work such as cleaning up after people several times a day, Higher management wanted to listen but didn't have any action. Depending on the country/department the progression is very limited.. People are treated well but if you do not perform Hiscox is ruthless. Management can definitely be better. The lifts can be slow sometimes!. None so far since I have worked here.. Hard to progress, not enough flexibility to allow people to get involved in different business areas. Quite a flat structure means less career advancement.. Management isn't always the greatest. I don't have any, I am really happy in my job and my team are great.. pace and volume of change and initiatives can sometimes be relentless and can feel under resourced for the business ambition we are trying to realise. Cons are driven by how fast they are growing - means everyone has to work extremely hard. People who are driven love it here. Those who are less driven don't survive long.. No work from home for everyone, mislead with PTO also( thought I was getting a lot more when I was offered the job), it seems to be a gap between upper management and everyone else. Training was a tad all over the place.. As Hiscox is growing so dramatically,  it is taking time for the processes and procedures to meet the pace of the growth; which can feel a bit frustrating at times.. Top and Middle management and prestigious underwriting roles are off limits to minorities.   If you are not white and male you will be overlooked -- even if you are a top performer.. Very few cons indeed. The industry as a whole need to work on gender diversity which Hiscox are taking seriously.. As I am still in the early days of my employment I haven't encountered any real difficulties, the only thing I could think to mention would be very occasional faults with the IT systems, I would stress these appear to be minor glitches in the system.. I am yet to see any cons. Horrible Management. The crew up in White Plains is scared to death to lose power because of all of the headcount in Atlanta. They run constant scare tactics with horrible culture to boot. Middle Management is not impressive and they know it, and will be ruthless to hang on to their power.  The Operations department is overrun by hateful, incompetent, and ineffective people. Other departments were bad but Operations was by far the worst.. A very minor con - quite a complex organisational structure - just takes time to get your head around it but overall, all good.. Bully in IT makes it a bad place for everyone. This makes the Atlanta office a bad atmosphere for the workforce
Workforce survey results are not listened to. Problem is bullying, lack of trust and bad management.
Used to be a good place to work but now people want to leave.. - Many and old IT systems that are hard to replace
- IT decisions made by business users - could be better managed. Still led by a powerful few who can do no wrong and take credit from others.  Very quick to point the blame when something goes wrong.  Values are not lived or even followed by senior leadership.  Becoming more bland and corporate and losing the family feel that made Hiscox special and somewhere you were proud to work.  Overpaid few who talk a good game but don't deliver.  Also overly generous to part-timers.. Poor management that really dont know what their doing, this is a culture of bullying here if you do not participate in "being one of the gang".

Also management tend to hire people based on family and friendships rather than qualifications/experience.

Human Resources can not be trusted to keep private conversations private, these tend to get leaked unofficially when complaints are made to protect certain members of staff in management.. Team leaders and management playing at leading, no real idea about job, just interested in numbers and themselves and their career. Management was the worst I've ever encountered. None really for me - really supportive. Not really a con, but those that are ambitious need to be patient as there are lots of very talented people  and it takes a lot of hard work and commitment to gain that next step.. - CRM tools are still growing and adapting, and this can result in some challenging workarounds, and different solutions depending on which person you speak to.
- You NEED to be willing to promote yourself and your achievements and "sell" yourself - at the risk of sounding arrogant. If you can't do that? You're not going to struggle to get the recognition you need, and potentially advancement.
- Targets are set as being static in terms of call time, sales, profit per sale etc. These don't fluctuate, which can be frustrating on a personal level if you don't hit target one week, but will the week after.. Sometimes slow to innovate / invest in people's ideas.
Conservative approach to M&A which could help with the innovation.. Rotten management, believe their own hype, don't listen to staff, staff way too pressured. Small Business / Direct business unit is the US company's golden child. Other business units get overshadowed. Pay is lower than industry norm and with the flat structure, title's do not match up with the rest of the industry.. Nothing bad to say about Hiscox. I'm not the only ambitious person Hiscox employs and because of the brilliant flat structure there is significant competition for leadership positions - not a con as such, just a challenge!. There are a lot of products to learn and may take a bit of time to find way around the system. 
Other then that so far Hiscox has been a great employer I have worked here for 8 weeks.. Growing company has promoted managers from within the company who have no management experience and horrendous people skills. Claim count for adjusters is too high and salary is too low for amount of work required.  Inconvenient office location in suburbs of Atlanta. Continual IT problems.. If you don't push your own career, you may get left behind but rewarding if you do.  Annoying habit of business units purchasing IT products without involving the appropriate people first, leading to some square pegs in rounds holes within the application stack.. No natural progression within current role. Federated structure is necessarily complex
Challenging to find the people empowered to make decisions. Even though the group results are very good management focuses a little bit too much to reduce costs.. At some points conservative but we have out headquarter in London. No cons that I can think of. Drive and a desire to see results are both great things in and of themselves.  However, Hiscox can take this to the extreme and forget that the wheels need to stay on the wagon as well.  It can sometimes feel like projects and ideas are pushed forward and then abandoned halfway or not trained out properly to the people on the front lines speaking to the customers.  It means that good, or even great ideas, are not executed to the standard they should be.  This feels like a failing in one of Hiscox's core values - Excellence in Execution.. You are encouraged to be entrepreneurial so sometimes this can result in you taking on a lot of responsibilities. It's a common trait with smaller teams every where though.. I currently don't have any cons. I enjoy coming to work for Hiscox. They 'promote' staff expecting more and more but aren't willing to pay any extra, citing you have to prove yourself. Staff work very hard hoping for a payrise and get a £500 - £1,000 payrise if they're lucky. As a result there is high staff turnover, they are slow to recruit which adds to the pressure on the remaining staff. Unrealistic targets are set without any substantiation. Expected to socialise outside of work hours and there is a lot of pressure to drink.. Compensation is well below market, but that was far from my biggest issue with this company. I felt that I was continually made promises by HR, by management, etc. that were not kept. Learning opportunities were extremely limited and by the end of my first year I was bored, stagnant, and apathetic about my work. I feel strongly that I was not supported in achieving my goals or developing, and I did not feel as though I was a member of a team. That kind of sense really wears you down over time. I felt the performance review process was poorly designed. Direct reports are not asked to give feedback about their managers, and it was unclear how to make your concerns known. The open office floor plan seems hip but in reality it's a huge distraction. You end up having recruiters pacing the floor negotiating salary or people loudly conversing directly behind you while you're on the phone. The reality is that while Hiscox seems different at first, and you can be inspired by the values or the direction senior management wants to take the company, it's really no different. Don't kid yourself that it is.. Under staffed leading to unfair pressure to complete tasks leaving no time for attending training.. Management haven't got much clue on what goes on day to day. HR seem to be lacking in control of sickness of staff too. Lots of absence.. IT are at the whim of business unless you are on the "cool projects", perhaps in other fields the excellence is matched by appreciation, but whilst you are in the cool crowd you'll be fine; otherwise perhaps not so much.. Compensation, lack of communication and clarity regarding career growth. Promotion with no pay rise 
Must get along with management
Must go out and drink if not you're out. Constant change. 
Lack of feeling important. 
Path to progression and promotion often undefined. 
Under Appreciated for the work being done.. You're working in insurance. It's a very insulated industry. Not many opportunities outside of underwriting.
Outdated systems
High underwriter turnover in the US
NYC only: Less lucrative an opportunity than many other finance, consulting and tech firms in the city. Pay could be more in line with industry standards.  But they are getting there.. IT somehow can benefit greatly from keeping up with the growth.  Compensation can be bumped up to align with the industry standard in order to remain competitive, it will definitely be beneficial as you continue to seek the best and the brightest.. It is still a growing company so positions you see at other companies may not be available here at this time. However, opportunities are being created all the time. Also, the technical systems have issues often for a company of this size. This sometimes completely prevents us from doing our jobs for hours on end. I think they have plans to fix this. None this far! The training is not as structured as I am used to due to the incredibly high growth rate, although it is still very thorough. I really can't complain about anything!. Struggled with matrix reporting and did not take into account concerns of employees much. Level of salary, quantity of tasks. The atmosphere is harsh, credit will be taking my management for the ideas you suggest and the manager of the IT department will belittle and harass you.

This is not a good organisation to work for as you will only get promoted if you are in the "correct crowd of drinkers". There is not a consistent approach and culture in all offices.  It can be hard to get hold of decision makers at times.. Great place to work. It's what you make of it. Nobody is going to spoon feed you a promotion so if that's OK with you, this is the place.. I hear long hours for an insurance company, but coming from a law firm I don't really feel that (yet!)

Some mid-level managers better than others 

Pay could (always) be better

Pretty bad IT for such a big company. An overall lack of structure outside of the underwriting and claims areas seems to be the trend along the east coast of the US.  Some middle managers are allowed to manage people whose roles they don't fully understand, which leads to poor support for those being managed.  It appears some people are made managers for the first time in their careers within Hiscox (and I don't think they're provided proper managerial training) and hence they sometimes lack strong or consistent leadership skills.  

Thus, the idea of always trying to promote people internally fails to be a positive trait for this company.  Some middle managers are known to pit departments against each other instead of actively encouraging their employees to work as a team with their peers (a culture of "blame-game" in certain areas).  The middle managers are also inclined to over-promise their bosses and end up short-cutting stability, scalability, or proper implementation.  Too often you hear the words, "I don't care" get thrown around by middle managers.  Exec managers seem to be either too busy to notice the issue, or they are too result-focused that they fail to understand "how" the results were achieved (at the expense of proper execution and team camaraderie).  But I suppose the execs can't be blamed entirely if they only see short term results and trust their direct reports to do their jobs properly.

Stunningly, the statistics were announced that 70% of the company are millennials. At first I thought that we were simply hiring new ‘talent' and that the new talent just happens to be young.  After a few from various departments shared information, I sadly realized that we hired millennials because they were cheap labor, and they are sometimes managed as such.. Lacking behind in technology. At times, there could be not enough support from IT.. You need to be ready for constant change, as a fast growing company there are always moving parts
Not a lot of structure, ambiguous environment where you have to choose your paths. Office culture of if your face fits you are fine, if not there is a very vocal gentleman in HR who holds a lot of power in who is promoted and who is not - very close to the MD - they are a voice to be reckoned with. If you are not a drinker and don't attend the social events it is career suicide.. Zero career structure in support areas and no recognition unless your face fits. Unequal application of company policies. Pay hardly increased in the last 7yrs.. Terrible management in ops department. Frustrating watching all the other departments contentment and not having any in the UA population. Overall environment is like being back in high school/scratch that, kindergarten. Most of IT is in London, can be challenging at times for the US Operation but engaging for the right person.. Pay is lagging behind the competition, and it shows through the turnover. It seems Underwriters are constantly leaving for other opportunities. Projects undertaken by management can often seem disorganized and forced. Management is not always transparent with decisions and direction.. One of the worst jobs I've ever held. The outer image does not match the inner realities. Low employee morale, constant pressure towards achieving goals, considers itself a flat organization yet makes every possible attempt at making you feel powerless, absolutely demoralizing work environment. Employees put 150% into the job, work hard and generate a lot of business. Upper management in turn makes no effort at fostering good culture, ensuring happiness of employees. Completely one-sided and thankless work. Mentions of raises are met with a laugh and a shrug, yet responsibilities pile on.. Uninteresting work. inputting data into a computer the entire day. People in the work place didn't make much of an effort of getting to know others in the office.. Executive "fraternity" that you either feel part of, or excluded for - but probably far less many competitors in industry
HR is lagging in development from a small company to a mid-size company - but no major issues. Pay is less than average.  Hard to get promoted and when you do, pay does not reflect.. Not a lot of flexibility regarding shifts, limited budgets, employees require a lot of "babysitting" and hand holding to get job done but training regimens are being updated to alleviate this. Communication can be an issue. There is a bias towards underwriting and underwriters which I guess is natural given the business.. ENtry level employees are neglected.. Employees are not judged on their merits
You need to be the right 'type of person' to progress at Hiscox
Some Senior Underwriters have colossal egos and can be very easily upset by the presence of others less perfect than themselves
Career progression is not clear and many people are recruited without proper consideration of able internal candidates. need to self educate to move up, hard work expected but not often rewarded, salaries below average, flat organization with few opportunities to advance within role. no career progression and very boring work. Systems need improvement in order to facilitate the work and reduced time waste.. Senior staff is not great at performance management. There are a number of managers who struggle with evaluating talent, prioritizing demand, and cross departmental collaberation.. I cannot think of any cons. Lack of progression/opportunities to progress are few and far between. Can be slow to get things done. Flat management structure can sometimes be a pain.. Favoritism, the UCO program they implemented later- they promoted as a way to move up in the company; however, actually made advancing my career more difficult. Pay, location, opportunity and holidays. Beazley has a failing and incompetent management that thinks using vague "business" cliches makes them thought leaders or visionaries, but they lack the substance, knowledge, and actual ability to follow through. 

Flat structure no longer exists. Managers will stalk your calendar to see who you are talking to and why, then chastise you for "going outside of the management chain."

Career advancement at Beazley is nonexistent. The same people who blackmailed the Board into getting promotions are now walking around telling people career advancement is not important.. Unprofessional management, no working systems, everything done manually, bad language used, constant gossip, favourable people by management given endless praise and opportunities and looked down on the others. Knowledgeable and hard working people given Zero credit. Avoid this place as much as you can!. Stale environment where no one was open to change. Clicky teams, no support of each other.. Some teams are favored over others.. Not applicable its a great place to work.. None, love working for Beazley. Some growth pains with data systems. Reasonable amount of employee turnover. some toxicity within leadership. not a ton of opportunities for advancement.. Flat structure and not much growth opportunities. Favoritism in some groups.. If it doesn’t move faster it’ll get left behind. Relationships matter - people who don’t deliver survive due to pub friendships, there isn’t enough of a meritocracy yet. But it’s changing slowly. It’s also really hard to move upward .. Beazley is led in the US by insecure, incompetent management. There is significant infighting and backstabbing, as these insecure and incompetent people fight to retain or gain power within the organization. Most have no actual management experience or education--the ones who watched a TedTalk or two are considered visionaries. 

Managers have been telling lies for years and now they are undermining their own teams to prevent the truth of their incompetence from becoming evident.

The last two years, most who can leave, have left. The rest have resumes out to competitors. The situation is so dire that US management entered into backroom deals with competitors to prevent continued poaching. This did little to stop the bleed as good people just found other places to work.. hard to grow your career, definitely have to work extra hard to get noticed. Awful HR support, no accountability.. Archaic and not going anywhere. Years of promoting "yes men" and "yes women" and rewarding those who sabotaged others to get ahead have finally caught up to Beazley. Executive Committee on down to middle management, there is panic about falling profits and ballooning costs. Because they do not have the skill to turn things around, they are now creating narratives, changing titles, and "restructuring", leaving all the problems in place. The culture is toxic. People only mock management and executive as clueless.. a disconnect between operations and Underwriting/claims teams. long hours. poor management. no progression. extra work load.. Beazley pays big lip service to culture, flat structure, and sophistication. In practice, the company has a toxic culture. There are endless "committees" and "working groups" that do nothing but meet to give people the sense they are contributing, but have no goal. Managers micromanage and are extremely critical of each other and their team.. Beazley runs lean and sometimes the workload can be heavy. Absolutely nothing, great place to worn. Company pays a PR firm to help post positive reviews on Glassdoor.

Failed middle managers are in a full panic.  Toxic culture and people are routinely thrown under the bus for things out of their control.  

During recruiting, they say all the right things--flat structure, opportunity for growth, etc.  None of this is true.. Flat structure, not clear path forward. Pace of work can feel intense. Incompetent and dishonest US management have dishonestly reporting to the London head office. Massive power struggle in every group with managers trying to sabotage each other, sabotage their own teams, and scheming to sabotage their managers.

Readers should know Beazley hires a PR firm to "monitor" and "manage" glassdoor reviews and ratings.. none I can think of. Could improve on workflows/systems but that’s most insurance companies.. No real path to promotions. Some outdated leadership mindsets unfortunately. Limited progression as there is not a lot of turnover. I can’t think of any Cons.. Lack of organization throughout the whole company from management to underwriters. They put all the pressure on the individual for career development but make the process unorganized and tedious. If you are interested in underwriting be ready for a long road. Pay is also low for entry level and at average or lower than for every level until management.. Beazley is growing very quickly. It is becoming difficult to maintain its culture. Needs to reevaluate Family Leave plan to stay competitive with other companies.. No particular comments here. Great company. No career progression , some management hard to approach. There is a flat structure which can make career progression difficult, although there is still plenty of opportunity if you are willing to broaden your experience and proactively secure opportunities. There are also still some silos which can create impact efficiency but there is clearly work being done to address this.. Was good not so much any more. Nothing I'd like to share at this time. US based middle management and the execs are driving company culture into the toilet.  Employees are asked to help cover-up major problems by middle managers rather than help solve problems. 

I joined Beazley because I was told I would work on sophisticated problems, with respected peers, and have a say in the business in the direction of a growth business.  Instead, everyone that has a new idea is told to get in line with management’s narratives about why nothing is wrong.. Senior leadership is located firmly in the UK. no room for growth, diversity needs more inclusion. No cons to include in this review. Beazley is Pinocchio pretending to be a real boy. Sadly, unlike the fairy tale, it ever reaches its goal. Management can't get out of its own way. Most in management rose thorough the ranks because Beazley was shortstaffed for so long not because they had the talent. Now that they have some bit of success, they will do anything to protect it, including sabotaging their own peers and people that report to them. This includes people who are now on the executive committee. 

You can grow as an employee as long as you're happy being a puppet to unsophisticated, ego driven, and undereducated people who delude themselves about their own abilities.

The culture is toxic, backstabbing and lying is pervasive. People are leaving in droves or planning on leaving.e. Upper Management is not transparent. Compensation is lower than market offering. Can be "clicky".. The talent exodus in all functions and business lines continues. Broken promises about giving people career opportunities are coming to roost as competitors are poaching the best talent. There are rumors that management is entering handshake deals with competitors to prevent further loss of talent. Management is more concerned about their ego than recognizing major problems.

Note the interesting pattern of negative reviews to good reviews. Beazley would rather spent money on a pr firm to manage their glassdoor profile than invest in their own people.. You must make your own career path. Unless you are willing to be a dogs body and up managements behinds you will never progress. Back dated systems, management who have no clue but paid so much they don't care. Ridiculous deadlines but still expected to be met even when your day is interrupted by pointless meetings to show how much money has been made.
Progression is only available to bullies who pass off work as their own when they are not capable of doing anything besides cry when they have to do their actual role. Push out all the hard workers. Moral is an all time low!. The claims department is completely unprofessional, unorganized, and ran by unqualified management. There’s a high turnover rate & low employee morale for a reason. Training is nonexistent as everyone is too lazy to help and only looks out for themselves. There’s a huge disconnect between employees at Beazley as you’ll be working with people remotely who have never even stepped foot in your office. Everyone only looks out for themselves and throws each other under the bus whenever possible. It’s best to use this place as a stepping stone in commercial insurance. Do your 6 months and move on to a better company!. Little growth for entry level positions.. lack of development programs throughout departments. I experienced the upmost professionalism while working there. A company with integrity.. No clear path for career progression. The entrepreneurial environment is gone. The flat structure is gone. The culture is gone. It’s not clear those were ever here. What is here are a waive of cost cutting, meaningless titles, and middle managers with fragile egos who are more worried about controlling the message than dealing with reality. 

There is a talent exodus in all products lines and business functions. Executive leadership is more concerned about finally having a secretary than managing or leading teams.. Typical corporate insurance culture ; lack of progression and infrequent promotions available. Despite the appearance of a flat structure, the culture is quite school-like, senior members take a more authoritative approach whereas as younger/less senior members are treated like children. Any mistakes made are often punished, younger people shamed and error rate is expected to be 0. There is a pretence that people are empowered to give ideas/“an innovative culture” but not true at all. Only those in senior positions can do so. The Operations dept. works only to slave away at supporting main functions, they are not empowered to progress in the same way. Still Very bureaucratic and process-heavy in many ways but presenting itself as innovative. Inefficient Processes are clung to, there is no drive to create efficiency but rather only to make senior members of the workforce happy. They aren’t  often to open to suggestions/change. 

Being an employee here made me very anxious , senior management constantly nit picking at the work of operations assistants, good work is never rewarded and the operations team are not included as a part of the main underwriting and claims functions. The term back-office is very correct in the way everyone else is .. All the things Beazley promotes during recruitment- culture, flat structure, and sophisticated work environment - are there in name only. The culture has long been replaced with distrust and backstabbing amongst middle and upper management. While they use the "flat structure" to give excuses for not promoting people, every employee seems to have no fewer than 2-4 direct line managers (who are rivals with each other). Leadership doesn't have a clear vision and most of them as washouts from other industries. Most of have never experienced professional success before and will do anything to hang on to whatever success they experience at Beazley.. Lack of growth opportunity even though the company is thriving.. No problems while I was there. It is not somewhere you should consider if you are looking for a very dynamic, innovative environment. It's business stance is conservative.. The management is in complete chaos, they don't know what to do.
They employ expensive and totally useless people after issues are burning and things are not working out on the way they thought they would.
They don't bother with people, improvement, feedback - I didn't have 1:1 with my manager in the last 6 months.. Lack of career trajectory, high stress workload, unreal expectations, weak management. Below market pay.   No opportunities for career advancement.  Operates on a clear class system - management and labor and everyone thinks they are management.  No clear direction from management.  Cannot retain experienced employees.  No career path.  All the downsides of a big company (internal politics, in fighting), and all the downsides of a small company (lack of mature business and management model).. Not really cons - moving to new building & having  new systems is difficult to adjust to but definitely improves work. Sometimes hard to move within company. Non-hierarchical culture sometimes leads to slower decision making, harder to show career progression on a resume because there are no junior/senior titles. Too much work, too much stress, too many changes. Constant pivoting from 1 priority to another made me think that there was no overall strategy guiding projects. The open office environment with no manager offices made the office noisy at times. My boss was the worst I have ever worked for, and the negativity from people on the project was overwhelming.. Slow at everything, constant flow of meetings and away days that achieve nothing, bombarded with high work load, extremely low morale, flat structure, slew of incompetent people.. No training program, small desks. Really solid place to work. Not enough women. Can be quite laddy. My cons are solely related to my experience working with a particular team. Raises and bonuses are lacking - very little incentive to do well and hard work is not rewarded adequately. The team was a disaster led by someone who did not possess leadership skills or inspire camaraderie amongst the team. My work and reputation was consistently sabotaged by an unhappy person on my team, to the point that I complained to HR and ultimately decided to resign and pursue other opportunities.. Difficult to think of any. Traditionally an underwriting-led company, so other functions have to shout to be heard.
Slow to change when it comes to technology and the core business.
Many people have worked here for 10+ years.
Smaller company means its harder to move around departments as jobs don't come up that often.
A little bit of unconscious bias does exist in pockets in management.. No room for progression. Easily a perfect company to work for a recent graduate. But after a year or so of dedication it becomes apparent that the company has very little to offer and shining stars. The lunch is the worst, don't include lunch in the compensation and then provide less than satisfactory meals.. While my manager and HR have tried very hard to help me move up at Beazley, it is very hard to find another job because there are not a ton of positions available. It is nearly impossible to be an Underwriter unless you are willing to move to another state.. Down time, nosy people, pay wages. Due to the increase in company size it is beginning to lose some of its small company culture, but this is to be expected to a degree.. Not many .. maybe a bit too political sometimes, and we just need to remember that we all work for the same team.. This is where the 2 stars come from....

Culture is Changing:  Beazley for the longest time had a very flat structure, which was nice as there wasn't as much bureaucracy and there was a more flexibility with underwriters, and underwriters were able to use their God-Given brain and intelligence to underwrite risks, market to brokers, and grow their book.  This was great and attracted the necessary entrepreneurial talent who could really take ownership in their book and grow it and with this came enormous amounts of success for Beazley.  Well, Beazley USA has now surpassed 500 employees, and with this growth has come change.  While change is not necessarily  a bad thing, this change is, as operations are starting to become much more bureaucratic, and the entrepreneurial spirit which really made Beazley a household name for products like Cyber, is starting to be suppressed as the company is starting to become much more AIG'ish.   While there is nothing wrong with AIG, that is not what Beazley was founded upon, and its unfortunate that a few managers in a few product lines have changed things so much that people decide to resign.  I was proud when joining Beazley that the average tenure in my business segment in Professional Lines was over 10 years.  That really spoke to me that Beazley had the "Secret Sauce" to keeping employees challenged, driven, engaged, and well compensated.   The last 4 months have seen 10% of the staff in my business segment resign alone, and I foresee more turnover happening in the future. 


Inconsistent Expectations:  I was interviewed, hired, and managed by one individual who really sold me on Beazley, the culture, product, compensation, and career opportunities.  This person trained me, worked with me on referrals, and helped to set me on the path to success and growing my region.  I was on a great path to success until roughly 6 months into the position, this individual left the company due to the issues which I had mentioned above, and I was sent to report to another manager.  While this new manager told me he/she would not be a "Helicopter Manager" and would let me run my territory, this could not be further from the truth.  While it is expected that there would be slight differences between managing styles within an organization, this was Night and Day, with the new manager having totally different objectives and expectations for the role than my previous manager had.   This caused tension and frustration as my talents were not being fully utilized, which at the end is why I left the company. 

Beazley honestly has the makings to be a 4 or 5 star company on here, but there is a lot of management incompetence  which needs corrected before they can become a great organization for their employees.. no wfh option ..need to be flexible. No work life balance, employees expected to work long hours every day & some Saturdays. No collaboration & learning from senior staff. If you step out of line i.e. query a managers decision or idea/ arrive into work at 9.01/ or simply don’t tow the company line/...you will be given a verbal or written warning at the drop of a hat. This makes the working environment uncomfortable & bordering on toxic. Senior managers behave like dictators & do not try to build a cohesive team with a good spirit. From searching the jobs market salaries appear to be well below market average for operational staff.. Career advancement is up to the individual- the company supports and encourages career advancement, but tends not to promote those who don't earn it.. Slow to offer raises.   No promotions due to flat structure.. Flat structure can lead to a lack of career progression and clear decision making with too many committees. Too many middle managers.. Lacks proper communication among business areas.
Performance reviews does not drive salary promotions
Professional advance training not readily available.. Staff total of 40 people in the Philadelphia area. Per other reviews not a lot of room for growth. Interview process is weird. Company doesn't like people who do research on them ask questions about culture and job duties or about any reviews given by employees online to ensure the company is a good fit. Easy to understand why its only 40 people at this location. Appears to be a career trap.. Would be good to see more female role models, especially in top positions. Working from home is frowned upon, culture of the team became very political. Overly underpaid because of the "PRP" program and does not relate to experience.. At the start of it's D&I strategy with an increasing agenda to promote and retain woman in senior roles.. Zero career development. They claim to make a push to promoting from within but they consistently hire external while all the internal talent is leaving. They fail to even notice nor care about talented employees looking to move up.. Typical old school insurance company, unfriendly, very corporate, lack of progression, intense, slow moving. UCO operates as a game of favorites. Extremely political environment. UCO managers encourage people to throw others under the bus. One manager in particular sought to have an entire department fired because they did not personally like their manager.. No long term potential unless your part of the inner circle. Very political environment. More than a few people get away with doing nothing all day and no-one seems to care.. uk based company, very few cons. The position in UCO is a dead end. There is no way of career progression. The direct reporting line is not to underwriters, so don't expect that they would spend time training you or treating you as part of their team, because you are not.. None that I can think of.. Growing too quickly to maintain all the positives. Flat organization leads to limit promotion potential, not a ton of vacation days offered. Employees get away with doing bare minimum and their slack is picked up by the better workers. I think this comes from managers not being on site. No work from home. No flex time. Managers in UCO thought they were doing you a favor if you had a doctors appointment and had to make up time. Constantly treated as a child and very micromanaged even though I was one of the top UAs. Good work ethic was never rewarded. Tons of focus on anything negative. Pay is not that great. I'm glad I found a better opportunity and was able to move on.. There are too many people at Beazley who do the absolute bare minimum and management just let it slide or are unaware. There are a lot of politics internally and a very back stabbing environment to work in. A lot of pointless travel, pointless meetings and ridiculous internal 'strategy meetings' that last for days and have zero outcome and zero accountability.. Flat company that leads to fewer promotions. Systems good, not great. No other cons about beazley. Overall a good place to work.. Very political and hard to get ahead, tend to hold on to those who do less. Training was horrible. Trained me on a billing system I would never use. Only two days for training. Not enough time given. Nothing to reference. Too male dominated, no women in upper ranks.. Narrow London centric view at times.  Outlying locations are a second thought.. Lack of diversity at the higher levels; little ability to advance due to "flat" structure; minimal executive presence in US as all C suite are located in London and virtually all key decisions are made there. Similar to a flash back to the late 1980's in terms of culture, diversity and philosophy.. Poor leadership in the IT teams middle management layer. Lack of communication on the floor. HR and Claims management blames each other for mistakes. Its really clueless company to be part of.  They provide "training" however once you are assigned to the case, of course you would be doing how they trained you, but they train you incorrectly and if you make a mistake its all your fault. Be careful!! ** They don't care about you, they just want their #'s. TO them its more important to have quantity" claims rather of Quality claims! If you want to be part of this nonsense go ahead and apply.. Little career progression is possible. Office looks like a computer lab. Everyone spread out on an open floor. Managment pays peanuts so they hire monkeys. Super conservative. Everyone is either uneducate or graduated with a joke of a degree.. Too much inner circle favoritism which limits advancement. Not supportive of female staff who have children.    It's NOT a flat structure If you just want a lower level insurance job you might be ok; just don't count on moving up the ladder unless you're one of the chosen ones.  Management often out of touch with daily operations.. Drama, office politics,  very poor communication. Teamwork was discouraged. I found my supervisor wanted to be in a higher position so she was constantly sabotaging her supervisor. There was a lot of that in every department. Travel was excessive for my taste. On a plane to Britain once a month was taxing. Unfriendly environment. In my department, nobody talked to each other unless it was about work. I was thrown under the bus by my supervisor more than once. No formal HR department, so nobody advocates for you. The open office concept allows no privacy in an industry where privacy is very important. Pay wasn't great either.  Just a rotten place to work.. Growing company in the US region but season employees in cahoots with other longtime employees. Conservative British culture.. Developing field of UW have no standardized training for the team members
A lot of switching from one team to another. The lunch menu needs to change up and better bonuses. production work, open environment hard to work in. There were no real cons to share. Very small company makes it feel as though career progression is tough.. Evolving strategic direction, can be difficult to navigate the flat structure.. The pay starts out great but the raises are very low COL 2-3%

There's not a ton of room for growth so if u trying to climb the ladder it probably won't happen at Beazley

They have some real jerks working for them and management doesn't do much to change this.. stratified work environment, executive shadow from UK, little room for advancement. People are unfriendly, unprofessional, and petty.  Be prepared to be thrown under a bus.  Managers treat you like dirt and you can't trust anything they say.  Culture is ripe with constant backstabbing.  They don't want you to think...just do things as they have always been done.  Don't dare question anything or point out anything.  It's a job and the same one you will have until you leave...they do not promote.  There are much better places to work that offer a career track.. Since it is flat there is little room for advancement. upper management is mostly male and  old school British. They do not treat employees  across the pond equitably. Do not support telecommuting options.. Higher up employees rule all. There is a lot of unfairness. PTO isn't great. Not flexible hours and they discourage working from home. Salary is decent not great. Some offices have an unfriendly culture. Do not bother applying for internal promotions, candidates are hand-picked before there even advertised and they have the nerve to lie to your face and claim they recruit based on experience when the person that got the job has little to none and just happens to be so-and-so's close friend. Some jobs are not even advertised until after it has been filled. Do not think just because your good friends with somebody you will get the job, theres always somebody's son looking for a place to start his career and that place is called Beazley. Special mention goes to the serious lack of diversity (check out the board on their website) and although hr acknowledges this the workplace diversity program feels forced. They just do it to fill a quota, you can count on the fingers of one hand and its always for non-strategic roles nobody cares about or with international exposure.. Lack of diversity. Personal connections and extreme brown nosing required to get ahead. Nobody really knows that the customer base is. Unskilled lifers pit talented staff against each other to encourage productivity. Secretive and ambiguous about future of the company. Micromanagement. Too much money spent on contractors. Clueless HR department. Performance appraisal based on armchair psychology. Ridiculously low annual pay review. I am glad I left.. Micromanaged, no room for advancement, many management members left, not a good environment if you are an entrepreneurial spirit.. Although they always say they are keen to retain and develop the best people, there does not seem to be as many progression opportunities as you would expect from a growinh company.
Payrises are typically inflation only with performance beinh recognised in a bonus.. Company ran by young and inexperienced personnel.  Older workers are used for mules, even though their experience is more than all of management put together.  Younger workers are disrespectful and abusive to the older and more experienced staff.  It is like they are trying to get even for what their parents did to them when they were living at home a couple of years ago.. Lack of diversity. No real room for advancement.. Technology somewhat behind the times, Promotions are harder to come by as Beazley is a smaller company. The company generally hires temp to perm. It takes some time to become permanent, so it shows less promise of a gratifying career.. Not a lot of challenges to be honest.  
Maybe in projects too many chiefs putting their two cents in and I question and ultimately changing the direction of a project therefore affecting time and cost.. Advancement opportunities were few & far. Most people haven't heard of Beazley, so quick conversations about where you work and what you do can be annoying.. Things are so fast-paced, management often doesn't have time to respond to employees' concerns.  Overtime is often required, but it's nice to have the extra money.. Could be unorganised at times. A lot of data inconsistencies. Could pay more, but it pay the market value. Have not experienced anything negative. Bad management and made to feel bad all the Time. no career development plan, no transparency in contract negotiation. Not so much training
Poor salary. IT infrastructure, IT hardware, and pace of change. Career development opportunities not straightforward, mid-tier remuneration policy. slow to make decitions sometimes. Low salary
Difficult to progress as lots of people apply. Poor benefits package, poor recognition , poor career development prospects. People management, internal mobility (due to small environment). Pay rises need to be given more frequently. management salary office location boring. Very clique'y, no career progression. pay not great for what you do, no room for progression. Traffic getting out onto castle lane occasionally horrendous. Shift work- some shifts are random
Nepotism- some teams/managers can be quite "clicky". Working in the call centre gets incredibly boring incredibly fast. There is little incentive to sell as we don't have commissions. There is a very small chance of progression.. Getting far too bureaucratic. Too much complexity being introduced.. unfair treatment, nepotism, poor pay, lack of respect. A lot of work for not a lot of pay! Good to be earning and it is a no previous experience needed job but you are expected to do a lot and sometimes it doesn’t feel like that’s reflected in your pay. managements don't care that people leave due to lower pay, because their own pay and bonus is linked to making sure the staffs pay are lower! Quite shocking.. No career plan, salary lower than on the market. There are no real Cons of working for Ageas. Low market presence losing relevance. Who you know not what you know. Bonus system is demotivating if you lose it. Boring work, its insurance what do you expect?. Managers was a bully and let to get away with it. Location, Pay, Management, training, Progression. Can’t think right now- would recommend. Team leaders lack professionalism, office environment too cliquey, if you don't 'fit in' - you're out the door, monthly targets come first over health and well-being, kept on the phones like a mouse in a cage and opportunities given to the favourites.. Find a 4th home market. None in my opinion. Underpaid compared to the market. There was definitely a ceiling to how far I could progress. No internal IT left, all outsourced. Restructure,  cons, management, external stakeholders, etc, management, cons. Treated as a number not a person and significant cost cutting over the last few years has led to employees feeling undervalued.
Very poor attitude to flexible working - home working is rare, flexible working requests discouraged by management.. Cost cutting and lack of follow through. Lots of change over the last few years. Ageas pays less than most companies which means that there is big staff turnover.. "Dead Mans Shoes" often waiting for people to leave for opportunities. Large amount of people ready to take the next step. None. Management are supportive and collaborative. Shift patterns kind of chaotic, not much personal time left.. Management cant manage, dirty office, boring repetitive job. Noisy office, but struggling to think of anything else.. Going through lots of change.. can't think of any at the moment. In my opinion: Ridiculous policies which I wish I had the legal knowledge to fight back then, practically forced into signing a contract for longer hours, they push people out the door if they don't like them, no development opportunities, they don't care about you, happy to keep you on over your shift and not give you the time back but if you commit three "offences" within a year you're in a disciplinary (e..g if you get back from your break or log in 1 min late). I literally would not work here again if I was paid an infinite amount of money. If you're happy to lose your soul this is the place for you!. Lots of office politics; lack of departmental strategy; staff numbers are far too big for the workload; salaries vary without justification .. Currently going through redundancy with Stoke site closing. Constant criticism and miserable low morale of your face fits you are ok if not walk low pay and micromanagement. Salary is not the best, you can get more elsewhere.. Not much progression into higher level roles. 
Some departments can be a bit too “monitored” in that you some are timed for toilet breaks etc.. Care more about business needs than peoples personal circumstances. Career progression is minimal where as office politics is rife. Wages hardly move unless you keep changing roles. Not great communication of major business changes, however they are working on this. Bad management and lack of direction. Been a made redundant. Too many family / "friend circles". You won't be rewarded for any extra mile 
Pay is mainly driven by seniority, whatever your skills , education or effort.
You therefore may end up covering other people incompetence. Terrible moral. A lot of checks and pressure on employees. Could always do better ethos. Zero motivation, just negative. Don’t ever be ill you feel seriously harassed or punished for it. Most of management and middle management are noticeably the problem, and this is likely never to change as it has been the same for many years. Think Lord of the Flies. A school like culture but actually worse. Management tend to be brash and single minded, with too much micro management which just hinders. Overall treatment, mentality and culture needs to seriously change. Opened my mind how bad a company really can be. Suspicious of the positive views, thats not from management level.. Shift patterns are all over the place, managers always checking over you.. I can't think of any real cons for this company. Poor pay, clueless management, too much pressure, hypocrisy all over the place. Poor management who close ranks to cover up mistakes and get away with mistreating staff. Clueless HR staff.. not too many things to list. You never quite get the feeling your job is safe - they're restructuring so often that you don't know where you stand. The work can be pretty dull and they're very keen to monitor how you spend your time.. Some antiquated attitudes to working practices & technology. Like all big companies, the workers are just a necessary liability to be axed at the earliest opportunity. Traffic around Eastleigh is appalling, only limited on site parking & free park & ride service is unreliable.. Lots of redundancies across sites and departments, IT outsourced, lack of vision and direction from management. Company is either going to be sold or going down the pan.. Poor top leadership
Lots of redundancies. salary, no opportunity to progress. repetitive and not offering new challenges. High turnover in the company
Synergies. Facilities, people, security, scenery, staff canteen. Don’t want to say in case this is reviewed by management. Treated like a number. Absolutely no interest taken in the feedback from experienced staff. Also there seems to be a lack of understanding about the complexity of some of the highly skilled work carried out and therefore little recognition of staff skills.. Staff are treated like a number, very poor management and dreadful communication. Avoid!. I don't feel there is any. incompetent and/or idiot managers, tons of useless meetings, no-risk-taking culture, demotivating environment, HR blindness. Poor Managent a lot of managers have no back bone  Team leaders face incompetent. Have their favorites. There is little to none cons. Takes too long to make a decision on anything.  Too many people and processes to go through to be able to get anything done.. Lack of clear strategy or vision. Fragmented leadership team.. Poor management, not enough time for lunch & very poor processes. Will dismiss you if you don’t follow the script and sound like a robot.. Entity is being managed by crooks whose management decisions are corrupted by outside interests that make money at the expense of Ageas.. Plenty, company will pay the minimum it can, couldn't wait to pull out of Belfast at the time they did despite the site being financially viable at the time. -Management (specifically some TL's) are seriously incompetent and lack knowledge in the area they are managing. 

-Joke of a salary, even after years in the job you won't see much of an increase. 

-Under appreciated staff, this severely affected office morale. 

-Dealing with complaints and enforcing policy. It wasn't nice telling an old lady that £5k the company had promised her wasn't actually going to be paid because a TL changed their mind. (note, they could do so because the payment wasn't covered in the policy, though the customer later received compensation after reporting Ageas to the FOS).. Poor wages, bad leadership, lack of direction. Horrendous place to work, all the old experienced staff have left, which is what they want, now they have all young people in on minimum wage who have no intention of staying there. Poor development opportunities. Wouldn't be surprised if this office is closed within the next 3 years, hence why a lot of people have jumped ship.. Treatment of staff and behaviour of managers. Sales is not for everyone. not much career progression, rubbish senior management team, rubbish directors. Not very helpful when it comes to illness - especially long term. Lack of forward thinking, reinventing the wheel most times, fail to retain quality staff, salaries are lower than average, NO progression but for a few lucky people.. No longer a nice place to work. There is no respect for staff and morale is low. Management is blind to staff needs. It is no longer a nice place to work. Poor company culture and management. Sometimes old school, slow and messy. -Far too many "managers" who think they are above everybody else 
-Repetitive and boring work
-Things change almost every week and you hear conflicting information from different sources. boring, no music, quite a stale atmosphere.. They're struggling with core competencies and don't truly value loyal staff.. redundancies = constant change = business has completely lost direction = training one week means nothing the next - low wages  - poor benefits and micro management = proports to be 'one Ageas' but really 1 rule for you and another for a different department - used to be a great place to work but changes they have made have ruined morale - appreciation for loyalty is non existent. The call centre job can get quite boring saying the same thing day after day but management always shook things up again and made it a fun place to work. Everything you learn on training is a lie, when you finish training and go to the phones on your respective teams you get really frustrated with the lack of support, unfair call scores, favouritism plus if you go to the loo 5 times a day and it takes 3 minutes each time you are told off nastily  on an email where everybody on your team can see but if you get a phone call 1 minutes before your shift ends and stay for 15 minutes over you will never get this time back. Asked for a apprenticeship 2 months ago and my manager  told me : oh good, I'll let you  know. No answer till now but apparently other people somehow can do it. Honestly, being on the phone all day with nasty costumers who think you're a piece of rubbish is ok but doing that in a rubbish environment is worse. - the business takes too long to implement change
- the business don’t involve the staff in the process of making change meaning there is a reluctance to change.
- Ageas are struggling to adapt in the market place.. The morale has lowered drastically in the last year. Change management is poor and the higher structure of the company are unequipped for the moves it's trying to make. In a few years it may be back to it's good days but for now there is no direction and an inability to gain staff following. The marketplace is changing which has resulted in job loses.. Lack of support or incentive. Hours and salary no progression, MOST company benefits only available after you’ve been at the company for a long time.. The people you work with just amazing! Good bonus, and great benefits.. The leadership team don't seem to work that well together and we are often lacking real vision of where we want to be. The values and work methods preached do not seem to be fully understood and implemented. Slow to make decisions. Blame culture. Management scared to make innovative decisions.. The company is going through a significant period of change but is making the right changes for the future. Very good at procuring companies, then closing them down. - Use of outside consultants to re-evaluate ways of working which added no value. poor strategically made decisions. There are not many but there is always a lot of change. The change is always handled well so if change is not for you don't let it put you off as change happens in all companies.. The decentralised model mentioned above also means less control over subsidiaries and longer time requirement for roll-outs as a result of more discussion (but that still is more positive than negative). Also, a rather flat hierarchy means less opportunity for functional promotions (but a lot of horizontal - knowledge - growth is still possible).. You're a number.
You get no holidays you want.
You work more weekends than they state.
The wage is very poor. Barely meets minimum wage.
Bosses are lazy and ignorant.. Too many Managers/heads of dept who Preach about living the Ageas values but can't keep the promises for development they have lost so many talented people because there's no development or structure for retaining talent.. It is a large company with no real direction or idea what's going on. It's very manager heavy and it takes (often literally) years to get changes put in place. There is a horrible culture of not making the most of the skills within the business, learning and development isn't great unless you work on the phones, and there has been a heavy focus on cost-cutting due to bad direction from management, so redundancies and a general feeling of precariousness now loom what was once a very family-feel office.. - Salary could be a little better however everyone feels like this in every job they have 
- Nothing else, great company with great people.. Inward thinking, boys club, lots of yes men, ever changing goal posts, poor salary.. There are no bad thing to say.. Not as people-orientated as they could be. Poor career development and opportunities. long and boring deliverables day after day, middle management weren't impressive, teams would only look out for their individual progression.. tough work, should be more chances for carer inprovement. Management do NOT listen, too many layers! Why have a director then a head of dept, then a dept manger?!
Too many people dont know what they are doing yet seem to get the opportunities when moving role or progressing! 
Park and ride is a joke and car parking is not fairly allocated 
Give £5k to the best employees each year but still make others redundant!
IT dept is the worst i have ever experienced, team leader is clueless!. Not as much progression as promised - not enough opportunities to move up the ladder.. Poor management condoning bullying culture. Expectations too high for new starters. Parking - park and ride is a pain. A call centre environment inevitably involves repetitive and rather sterile scripted work, and there is no exception here. Fairly high staff turnaround often leads to some areas being understaffed for periods, causing frustration for  remaining staff and customers.. Sometimes high pressure to perform due to the same SME mentality. No concern for employees. Happy to make staff redundant for cost saving purposes and centralise everything to their offices in Eastleigh.. Work load at times if phones are busy. - Sometimes a little bureaucratic (branches competing for x)
- Didn't get as much feedback as I would have liked
- At times processes are set in stone, low-innovation focus. They close down sites and make people redundant often.. Getting made redundant and losing job. Can often be restructuring and efficiency measures within the organisation resulting in change to aspects of role or redundancy.. No where to really move up. Some times the work load can be too much for one person.. Costs of day-care. Even if your company offers onsite day care, you'll likely contribute some of your salary to cover the costs. And if you take your child to an independent childcare center, you can expect to pay top dollar.. Very monotonous, at times tedious job function. If you're there to earn money, make some friends and look forward to go home at the end of the day, this is great, but the actual work itself is highly repetitive.. Normally, the employees are not aggressive. The location is not that great for me as have to travel far away to work. There are a few changes around the company, hence you need to adapt to it to develop.. There are none that I can see. Parking can sometimes be difficult. Car parking isnt ideal, however they do offer car parking spaces to all employees, just not right outside. Training is tough, you need to know everything before going on the phones and its tough to take it all in during the 6 week training.. These comments relate to the IT department only and I can't speak for the Insurance business side, although I heard a few similar stories. In my experience the company seemed to be quite disorganised and apt to wait until the last minute to request changes. They didn't think things through properly and didn't seem to care that much about their resources, whatever they thought their 'values' purported to show.. Sometimes too many people need to get involved in the decision making process, which slows things down a little. Email culture.. Low salary
Can easily lose bonus. No shared objectives, vicious environment. Slow to change, things happen the same way a lot and take a long time to try to change. no cons company gives a lot of support. Little growth opportunities. Noticeable hierarchical gap between experts and managers. Too much useless meetings.. The only downside is the low pay.. Working here is into very detailed.. long hours, not a lot of career development if you  do not work in Bournemouth. Going through a period of change at the moment.. Restrictive on pay, the director of the company's words at the time were that you can't expect to keep doing the same job and get paid more, in hindsight this advice is why I left, but got the experience i needed there.. lack of development opportunities
unreasonable work load
ability to carry out role not recognised
lack of parking. It's in constant flux, no sooner have they introduced a system or process, they are redesigning it.. Being part of a wider group can mean there are a lot of messages to take in.. There is a form to sign for everything...! :-). There can be so much going on that sometimes that many people can't make head or tail of what exactly is happening. But I guess thats what happens when there are too many projects. Lack of opportunity to develop
Repetitive work. The banking crisis has turned evereything around.  The Cons are those of every big company: red tape and politics.. * disorganised organisational structure
* poor management. - Every little thing is structured, processed, controlled. No room for personal initiative. No risk taking. You spend your days in endless, stupid meetings. You'd die in tears if you are a performance and result oriented person.
- It's not your competency or talents which count but they years of service within the bank. I mean it. So, if there is one job and 2 internal candidates (one of them a fully competent person with perfect skills but in the company only for a few years and the other one less competent but in the company for 20 years) they go for the second one. 
- Nobody cares for competitiveness or hard working or efficiency. The whole system is based on risk-free, slow-motion culture.
- No unity, no team feeling. Everybody walks around like a lonely fish in the ocean.
- Full of incompetent people. Hundreds of them. But they stay because they are there in the last 20-30 years. Some even do not know how to write an email or use Excel, Word...
- Only a few people at the top- CEO direct reports- know where they are going, the rest....either busy with preparing colourful presentations to cascade stories to their direct reports or at the coffee machine.

Avoid ! ( if you are not only looking for a job but for a career). Fortis is in financial ruins. The products are poor. The management have no idea whatsoever they are doing. The managers are absolutely useless.. The pay is the biggest con. It will take at least 2-3 years before you can start making extra money without working over time. To be clear the potential to make extra money as soon as you start taking calls is there, but realistically speaking, it will take 2-3 years before you will see a steady incentive and 4 years before you are enrolled in the companies share scheme. If you are university graduate chances are that you would not want to stay here the length of time you need to stay before you see a big increase to your pay, this is because a better opportunity is definitely going to present it yourself if you look.
There is also little room for growth, they will tell you there is and you will see job postings, but there is a hierarchy and when you do get to management you don't necessarily get paid more per hour.
There are a-lot of weekends involved and the start time is 6am sat and sun. 
7:45am mon-fri pre-covid. Long hours 
Very low pay. Cons there is nothing that comes to my mind when i think of Admiral... Can not think of any. Stressful and the work can be confusing. not many to this job at all.. The pay is absolutely awful.. Sometimes felt like a tiny cog in a big machine. - Initially salaries were considered low (compared to similar jobs with other companies) but these issues have been addressed over the years.
- Can be very different for staff that are comming from a traditionally "corporate" background as Admiral's attitude is more open. This to me is a good thing, but some members of staff take time to adjust.. - There are no Con's to working here!. Well below average wages, higher than average working hours. Low pay for the role and little scope to negotiate. It’s is in Cardiff and the base pay is quite low. No increments, appraisals are rare. outsider should be given more chance. Lower salary than other employers.. Hours here are very long. Busy periods and long days. Minut management. You are under a microscope. Every second of your day must be entered. No wait time between calls. Very fast pace .. Pay could be better here. there is too many cons. Salary is not as competitive as other Graduate Schemes. Poor management by the team. Lots of long hours and days. The job was draining, awful place to work for overall, the management is awful and clicky. If you ask for help you feel as thought you are getting on the managers nerves although they are suppose to be there for help. Don’t get recognised for doing things well. Only bad. People think admiral is a good place to work for because yes overall you get gifted sweet boxes, dominos and prizes etc but that’s only to try and keep you there as it’s awful. If I had to say something here it would be that starting salary could be a bit better, but definitely not a deal breaker.. Remuneration package - salary plus shares. Rude customers and difficult targets. Some clients were impossible to save, would always feel pressure. 
Pay depended on sales... some months you’d be top, sole you’d be bottom and it was out of control.. Sometimes base salaries are lower than usual, but the additional benefits and shares more than compensate for this.. Everything, they try to make it seem like it’s not a call Center job, but the pay is terrible and there is no progression. Ie. It’s a call centre. Honestly, I have no cons to mention. Basic salary could be more competitive. The basic salary and number of annual employee allocated holidays. The number of architecture team org changes. Churn of architects.. Management is very stats driven and there is little care to your well being. Hours can be long and inconvenient. back to back calls and tied to phones. The salary is not good enough. Admiral is growing and changing to have a more agile core. This means there are a lot of new skills to learn and opportunities to cross skill. This is not for everyone and if you are looking for a single specialist role without developing some broader skills then Admiral may not be the best fit for you.

The core hours are longer than the industry standard. A 39.5 hour week is a long week with the standard being 37.5 for most jobs. The standard in the tech industry is much closer to 35 hours on an average week. There are things in place to improve this with the two main ones now being no core hours and flexible working. So you don't have to do a 9-5, which is ideal for the new working from home world while trying to home school kids.

The benefits package is low in the first 3 years compared to what's on the market elsewhere. After the 4th year the benefit package becomes much more appealing.

I still consider Admiral a good place to work and would recommend it to friends even with the above cons.. Stressful, low pay, blank blank. More transparency in salary opportunities. Poor salaries and unsocial hours can be stressful. If your goal is to make as much money as possible, this may not be the place for you as it isn’t competitive with the likes of the Aldi grad scheme. It depends what you value in an employer.. Genuinely can't think of any!. Long hours and starting pay. At this time, I genuinely can't think of any.. Base pay could be a little higher!. It is a hard job. treated like a slave no care really on how your doing. Salary is low compared to other grad schemes but balanced with a 'Financial Package'. Can’t think of any cons. Here is manager monopoly. if you close with manager than everything fine. Basic holiday entitlement - 20 days. Salary could be more competitive, though good overall package and loyalty is rewarded through benefits such as shares. The working week is slightly longer than some other employers.. We work a longer week than some other companies.. Just didn’t enjoy the job itself. Some companies pay a bit better but there’s also a price to pay culturally. Slightly understaffed. The company was a bit conservative in adopting innovative approaches to promotion and digital presence. Sometimes the systems are a bit slow which is frustrating when working from home, but this is a one off and barely worth mentioning.... Long hours and have to work weekends. Many restrictions and access issues. Mind numbing job bad pay. However, it need to give more appreciation to their staffs. Company cannot move forward by itself. Low morale, cliquey staff, if you don’t adhere to their standards even if you’re a good employee you can be written up. The management is usually very friendly and helpful but if you are high with cancels even if it’s out of your control, you can be reviewed. Not many chances to move forward unless you’re in with the management.. Contact centre work can be tedious.. weekend work,big work load,unpaid lunch. Sometimes the upper management (department heads etc) can appear to be just names as they aren't often visible to members of the team. Especially part time members of the team.. Some IT senior managers are quite brash, and lack empathy, treating people with contempt. 

Lots of third parties in the mix, who seem to have more influence the permanent members of staff... lots of politics to contend with.

Career opportunities limited if you are not liked part of that inner circle)... double standards too.. Relatively low basic salary, occasionally antisocial hours, slow progression. Direct management can be difficult
But meeting both previous and new ceo they are incredible and have great values. Tough job
Can be rather stressful due to the nature of the role. The pay could be slightly higher. Promotions sometimes don’t always go to those who deserve them. Pay is a little light. Lack of support from managers, very clicky, if you are in relationship with a manager you will get far so best advice is to do that straight away otherwise you'll be sat on the phones for X amount of years being scrutinised for not doing an 'already challenging job' correctly. poor senior managers and no one really care. None I have experienced to date. Salaries could be more reflective of the market. Stats has been changed and alot of people left because of it.. salary doesnt match the workload, you dont always get recognition for the work you do. 3 year vesting period
Without shares below market. There are no cons for me.. Lower salary for a full-time job. Nothing at all great place to work. Long hours, low entry salary. not the best salary compared to other contact centre environments. - Front line contact centre role is becoming increasingly scrutinised to the point deductions on earned incentive are common practice.
- Your experience at Admiral will vary from department to department, not that this is a bad thing. You can see some departments do not get as much love and funding as others.. Nothing I can think of. -The job itself is not great and the work can get you down. Repetitive
Loud environment
Not good if you're an introvert as lots going on. - Disappointing salary, especially for a company now touting data and tech as the future to keep a competitive advantage. Competitors will easily pay you 20-40% more for same job and this can increase if you switch industry.

- Perhaps as a consequence of the poor salary there is an inability to recruit real talent into data and tech roles, which can be demotivating

- The poor salary is also generally demotivating, as it does not feel you are valued properly

- Slow to pick up on technology and data trends in comparison to rivals and other industries, such as use of cloud computing

- Share scheme is a bit of a con as you effectively have to be there for 4 years until you can sell any shares (1 year to receive shares and 3 years until you can sell)

- Consequently the overall remuneration package is poor. Even with shares the overall salary is still comfortably below market rate

- It feels as though senior management and shareholders are actually rinsing the staff- whilst the culture is excellent, they use the wages they save to pay for a facade of more support staff that improves work satisfaction but then pocket the rest of the money. The salaries are lower compared to other capital cities.. nothing to say negative about the company. Salary is very low compared to other roles requiring same experience and they try to justify that with the share scheme but you can only make use of shares after 3 years. Everyone is pretentious and want you to work stupid hours. Lack of cross team communication across the department. A lack of joined up thinking across teams, resulting in general lack of focus.. Not a lot of cons. long hours and multi task. base salary not always as high as other competitors. They put a lot of pressure on their employees. Has turned into a sales role on top of customer service.. Salary is to low considering the hours and effort. Yet to find out if any. - Pay could be better but salaries after the scheme are better. Work on the phones can be demoralising. a bit chaotic and frantic. An honest review.. Avoid working here at all costs. 

Typical American company. Hire and fire at will

There is a clique. If your face doesnt fit they get rid of you during or after 6 months probation. 

They use a 365 peer review to perform this task. So if someone is after your role. They will give you a bad review to step on you and get themselves promoted. 

The working week is 40+ hours. The pay is rubbish for what is required 

It really is a rat race within the IT department. Managers making job titles for themselves. You have call center type staff being promoted into IT as operational managers. They have no previous experience of IT management in the real world. Very ruthless attitude. 

If you want to be squeezed, used and abused this is the company for you. If your face doesnt fit at all times they will use the 365 peer review to get rid of you

Great opportunity if you are a brown noser type personality. But if you are a hard working honest individual please find another company to work for. 

This is by far the worse company I have ever wasted my time and worked for. People come and go in this company like a revolving door. Just research on LinkedIn and ask some of the IT guys that have left as evidence.

Admiral hide behind this nonsense best place to work award. Complete farce.

By the way. The HR team will have your P45 ready within hours as they expect many to join and get squeezed out fairly quickly failing probation. Bad behaviour all around. Management can be juvenile. It is possible to keep your head down and do what you have to.. Salary is way below the industry standard for most roles. Nothing have not started yet interviewing. It's, a call centre, so not good,. Long hours of working daily. In the short term, salaries usually not as high as other companies. In the mid term, compensation is quite competitive. salary and transport policy are bit nonsense to me.. Lots of work flow to complete. Very stats based
very full on. No transport facility, pay scale is low. I cannot think of any.. Slightly below market average salary. Bullying, they claim to have an anti bullying policy but its not followed. The HR department stall and delay, I would advise being part of a formal union.. There are no cons working for admiral. slow growth and salary is low.. Compliance is super strict, hours can be really early and fluctuate. Can lose incentive over minuscule errors. Customer comments can affect incentive. Things that affect your incentive sometimes feel out of your control. A lot of managers are an absolute joke. A result of uneducated and thoughtless people working in a BPO, with no skill to work somewhere else, except for maybe as a toilet cleaner, get promoted as a manager for sitting dull in their chair till their youth fades.

- It's common for a lot of them to talk with dirty words with their team members about girls from Wales who generously come to Gurgaon to support these unintelligent leaders.

- A lot of managers don't even follow rules. For ex: They are supposed to accept complaint calls when customers request to speak to the manager a set number of times. However, even when customers complain multiple times, they do not accept complaint calls except in extreme pressure. This puts agents at risk, as customers' complain gets registered against the agent, while managers put all the risk to the agent when they don't receive calls.

- Careless managers often forget to complete their own tasks and blame the agents.

- While respect is declared important in Admiral, office in Gurgaon is completely opposite of it. Quotes like "You came on your own, you can leave the company on your own" is extremely common among managers who come to Gurgaon from Bangalore. It's so common that one employee publicly quit the company informing the same reason to everyone.

- If these managers from Gurgaon would have applied for jobs in Swansea or Cardiff, they would most likely NOT be managers.

- Trainers in Gurgaon are like the teachers from school no one understood. Training after starting job is not to be relied on. Such guys wouldn't even be hired if applied to a decent company.

- Illogical managers have no idea on how to manage, or lead, forget about being an example for the employees.

- These don't have their ideas well-aligned, and therefore, a lot of these 40 something year olds have to be taught by 19 something late teenagers who come from Wales to bring in some sense in these managers.

- Serious hygiene issues among a few managers. While health is declared a priority in Admiral, a few managers have extremely poor hygiene spreading, notorious for their bad breath and they stink. A few managers have dead chicken legs which they don't mind showing off. Can't lead by being an example.

- Very unhelpful. With almost no emotional quotient, like a monkey taught to dance with a set number of moves to keep themselves, a lot of managers in Gurgaon barely have any helpful knowledge about career, growth, or have the ability to lead.

- Almost all team members argue with a lot of managers. Big evidence of the lack of logic in managers and a few team members. That destroys a good workplace environment.

- You may start working for the company with excitement, but soon you may start cursing your manager, imagining slapping, punching, and kicking your managers in your mind. No punishment is enough for such so-called managers.

- Books can be written on the failure of these, and it would still be difficult to explain what a failure they are at it's fullest.

- Rotten potato rots other potatoes. Worse than Corona, rotten managers spread in entire office and therefore Admiral Gurgaon stinks.. Take commsion off you for any reason. Very few I can think of. Low pay, long hours, lots of change. Salary is not the best. Clicky
Too many meetings 
Lots in positions they aren’t qualified for. The pay could be better. Admiral culture may not suit all potential employees. No car park facility available as long wait list. Flat organisation structure, can be difficult to progress in certain areas. Salary is lower than industry average. seems like a closed team,. Severe favouritism. If Ops don’t like you, then managers won’t like you.. Favouritism, long hours, poor pay, appalling management. they will always value people who have been there longer than you more than you, the tech is very poor and tech people are not valued there. The pay is also terrible. Job can be mundane/stressful despite excellent  workplace. Poor pay packages 
No loyalty with long service staff. Remuneration has been decreasing year on year for grass roots people. Limited opportunities to work on. There are scenarios where I query the groups policies, not to state that sometimes I feel that management are somewhat disorganised, communication can also appear to be a bit of an issue from time to time.. Benefits aren't as good as they used to be or as unique.. Starting salary can be low, but is quickly increased with shares and dividends. Pay is far below market rate, share scheme keeps you locked into the company, lack of technical knowledge from management, working week of 40hrs, management do not listen to advice from colleagues and ideas are dismissed. Dealing with angry people on the phone. complicated process , updates every now and then.
poor management.. The salary is very poor compared to their competitors for similar roles. They try to sell the share scheme as something to be proud of but in reality all it does it top up your salary to something more bearable, and only then after three years. I was in a very stressfully job and was being paid essentially min wage at the start.

Was told when I left that I hadn’t been promoted because there were simply too many managers and seniors in the claims department- this is true and stifles development amongst claims handlers.  I also complained about the salary being too low in my exit interview and they offered me a 2k rise ..why not just pay people a proper salary in the first place? They said I was one of the most productive claims handlers there in years but not once was I even considered for promotion.

On several occasions I was so stressed that I had to lock myself in the toilets and cry... no support from managers and some even found it funny.

It was a toxic place to work and brings a lot of bad memories back for me... lots of highs and lows. But I did make some very good friends there . Overall I regret working there and it was one of the darkest periods of my working life ... but I also learned a lot of good lessons in dealing with stress and office politics. Hours, salary, that's it really. Sometimes the job can be hard and it is demanding. Too lively at times poor promotion. Backstabbing and politics are rife. Departments and teams are constantly competing rather than working together. Communication is extremely poor. The overarching aim is to become more tech-focused, but with a  limited strategy and understanding.. Impossible to work your way up unless you're a managers favourite. Volume work, can become stressful at times due to complaining customers. lower salary than average, low evolution. Heavy workload which can be quite stressful at times.. Unprofessional management behaviours(can only comment on former department). Poor communication.. Promise of progression non existent. The initial pay seems low but when you include shares and other incentives it's actually higher than some competitors. Hire on merit not on who you play golf with. Huge pressure, impossible targets, unfair , favouritism. long hours, hoirs, hoirs, hours. Little care for personal wellbeing of employees. I have seen this a few times on here and it rings true - particularly in the sales department. You are expected to stay rooted to your chair with only 16 minutes of not being on the phone allowed ALL DAY outside of your lunch and break. That includes toilet breaks etc - meaning you can get told off for going number 2. Progression opportunities are talked about a lot but are not a realistic possibility with very few positions becoming available and frequently being given to "The lads" very much a boys club culture and if you're not in the clique you've got no chance.

Also shocking handling of a bereavement which led to me leaving. Asked me to come back into work the day I found out a relative was terminally ill.. Sometimes part-time evening staff miss out on perks.

You need to wait until shares are 3 years old before you can cash them.

The basic wage (not taking shares into account) isn't amazing.. Lower than average starting salary. everything else-- working environment, leadership. Management cliques, over the top regulation, constant changes. Fast paced work environment  with lot of changes. Targets, every other thing is fine. Some departments are very clicky. Job is mind-numbingly miserable, beyond monotonous, soul-sucking, and terrible on your mental health.. Weekend shifts and sick policy. Where do I even begin. Within days I considered leaving this place along side a few other colleagues I was training with.

Free fruit, most of the drones here consider this a “pro” when in reality that being a pro is absolutely mediocre. Everyone seems to think this is something remarkable, hilarious to watch when you see the slaves swarming around the fruit stand as you walk in watching them all taking quadruple the portions they require before you get the chance to even get close to it. 

How is Admiral? Interested in drink and drugs culture? Crack on. Anyone with a brain cell that left this cesspit let me guess your probation is going down hill fast? all because you didn't finish that Jager bomb and attend the 90 socials down brewhouse last month despite spending your entire week grafting for a pathetic wage with the Neanderthals. Why would I want to spend my spare time with you as well, get a grip. 

If spending your entire month grafting for a absolutely pathetic wage in between being held at gunpoint to take part in “Ministry of fun” which basically forced fun, taking part in the the most cringiest tasks you could possibly imagine to then so be it, this is the job for you. 

Full of brown nosers, managers who spend their entire shift avoiding doing their job completely MIA from their desks. Dreadful systems where you have to do 10 times the work you’re being paid for on rubbish hours. Can’t even plan your life as this changes constantly.  

“Oooo we’ve got an underground car park we’re so good” yeah there’s like a 30 year waiting list for that, enjoy. 

They bang on about the shares OH THE SHARES YAY CANT WAIT FOR THAT. What? Wait 3 years to receive the pathetic shares so you can catch up on pay that better other companies are giving their employees in there good salaries. Comical. Claiming you’re a top 100 company to work at any given opportunity is just merely a complete facade. 

The CEO who people worship and brownose about him at any given opportunity (they’ve never even met him) even admitted the fact the only reason there’s an office in Cardiff is due to the fact it was cheaper labour, says it all. 

Keep on thinking you’re something you’re not, plenty of people that have moved onto better things from this tip and the reviews prove it.

Avoid like the plague, your life’s worth more than becoming a drone to appease these dregs.. Office politics is an issue within some management groups and salary does not reflect market value. A few angry customers here and there but nothing at all off putting.. hours/ hard work/ low pay. Uncompetitive pay/benefits
A lot of favouritism 
Poor management/failure to follow HR procedure
Little holiday 
Long hours
Weekends
Evening
Childish work culture
No financial benefit to taking on new responsibilities. Can be stressful, base pay somewhat low.. Belittles their employees and treats them like children. If you can avoid 'perks' like free fruit, sweets, competitions to free early, etc, pay your employees like adults and what they deserve,. Very Basic & Repetitive Job - Long hours on the phone. no down sides to working here. Shift work can involve working weekends and evenings. Can sometimes be monotonous work. The pay may be considered below industry standard.. Long hours unless you build up flexi first. Draining days, constantly repetitive, lots and lots of drama in the workplace. It takes a while to build your salary. Low pay for lower possessions. Base salary is below average. Board have lost interest in my project, so my team are somewhat rudderless.
There can be a degree of favouritism and clique-iness. Its a great place to work, salary not competitive. None that come to mind. -bad work life balance with work. Long hours, constant stream of customers. This can be draining day after day. But that is what you sign up for with a call centre!. None at the moment. no real cons to think of. This company has always traded itself of its staff culture, however this culture is a smoke screen. Behind it lies manipulation, bullying and almost a mob like clique that cannot be crossed. Trust me I once went to make a complaint about a department manager after a very unprofessional and hurtful comment but was told to leave it as I can't win and it won't end well.
The UK CEO treats people like door mats of varying qualities, your desire to do a good right the right way can only benefit you if it tows the line of middle to upper management's egos, if you think you have a better idea it's best not to mention it, you are paid to be a yes man not paid to think. It takes years to get into good graces (unless you like your nose permanently brown) but only a second for all that hard work to be forgotten. 
There are some talented people there who are being held back by dead wood and bullies who put them down at any opportunity in order to maintain their facade.. Slow, very bureaucratic, low paycheck.. Late night and weekends, repetitive,. - Office is outdated, cramped and behind the times
- Unfortunately the typical favouritism is rife; it's often "who you know" that determines how you get on
- No flexibility in working arrangements. if you aren't close with management you are just another number. you take calls and get given piles and piles of work and they expect you to get through it all. i have seen numerous people burst into tears on the floor and people quick because of pressure and stress. i strongly advise you do not work here. you also cannot maintain a healthy lift style or any kind of social life when working here. the rota you work changes all the time and you cannot balance your life.. Nothing! Great management and brilliant team. -No free coffee
-Expensive  cafe
-Office space cramped. Usual office politics and many truly awful customers. Found some of the long-time staff in my department weren't very welcoming to newcomers. However, didn't seem to be an issue in other departments.. Poor communications between managers and staff. Poor salaries partially made up for by share scheme
Poor progression opportunities
Unsociable hours and late shifts followed by very early starts. very stressful with the volume of calls, and also a lot to be learned after training (on the job). Not very competitive package.. Terrible pay and a toxic environment, get out!. some times worked a bit hard. Maybe the location for those who do not want to go to Cardiff.. Flexitime was always declined.
I didn't feel comfortable answering inbound calls as most of the time I would have to pass the call on as I wasn't yet trained in total loss etc however they got you doing inbound right from the start. Salary is slightly below market average.. easy work , easy money, easy relationship. Favouritism amongst management; if you’re friends you’ll progress (rather than work ethic).
Management continue to talk about shares being an incentive but we would prefer to be paid a competitive salary than have to wait 3 years to catch up with other employers salary scales in the market.. Base salary isnt great when first starting.. You don't get too much the chance to talk constantly in english and it is a pity considering that i am working for a UK company.. Shifts, The Job Itself, Having 6 managers in the space of 6 months. Therefore having no room to adjust or settle. Favoritism. Ok, I'm just going to list it because it's so bad there this review would be a novel.

POOR TRAINING 
POOR MANAGEMENT
INCENTIVES ARE LINKED TO SHARES - THEY DON'T TELL YOU THAT
THE SHARES MAKE IT A FAIR WAGE - YOU DON'T GET THEM FOR 3 YEARS THOUGH!
A FREE APPLE A DAY WONT MAKE UP FOR THE LOW WAGE
A FREE GYM PASS WONT MAKE UP FOR THE LOW WAGE
10% OFF LOCAL SHOPS WONT MAKE UP FOR THE LOW WAGE
ACTUALLY NON OF THE 'INCENTIVES' ARE MUCH OF AN INCENTIVE IF YOU WORK HARD AND STILL CANT PAY THE BILLS

Don't get sucked into this idea that because they have table tennis tables and a getting ready room they care about you, they don't. It just makes them look better than they actually are.

Insurance is not only a cut throat business, its an absolute bore - be prepared for that.. No complains, I have enjoyed my time here. Shifts, Salary and the job itself. If you don't fall into the right clique it can be very difficult to gain any opportunity to advance. Havent come across any as of yet.. If you want false promises and absolutely useless training whatsoever then this is the job for you!! Management haven’t got a clue how to treat staff. Terrible employer!! Do not work for them!. If geographical location is a factor, the company is based in Cardiff. I personally love Cardiff and Wales more than London, but it could be arduous to reach certain international locations if you have a need to travel.. I can’t think of any.. Salary could be more. Tend to expect more than reasonable as regards comparison to salary.. Pay parity is not in line with me with the market. Doesn’t promote diversity actively - despite what sgm states. Especially within management. Lack of female and people from ethnic backgrounds. Sometimes the recruitment can seem like desperation to get anyone who looks like they will tick the diversity box, to easily get the job. This way of hiring doesn’t work. As far as I’m aware this is a lot worse in the Newport and Swansea offices. You have to be in a clique within management to get ahead. This is very disappointing and cliquey. I know that people who are liked and mates of management or if they are having close relations with them- they will be promoted. If you questions the management team - you will find out all this unprofessional conduct and behaviour. PS should investigate this.. They cheat on me with the money. They still owe me some expenses since year 2017. 
Job was not what they promised and salary was poor. Salary is generally lower than the industry average.
Relatively high turnover of staff in comparison to other industry competitors.. Money is terrible. Managers are only promoted depending how good looking they are. If you fade doesn’t fit forget it.  If you have no soul and want to work in a pit of dispair this is the company for you.. Abuse abuse and more abuse. Large company - takes time to change. Indian Arm of this company suffers with ONE LADYSHOW, loads of nepotism and mismanagement around.
Global Head office ahs no say in the local arm.. Operations management have little involvement or care for your career. Poor salary.. Floor felt very political and a lot of negative talking behind other's backs.. Customers 
Working hours 
Training. Team management was awful,  head of department was awful as well as it does not deal with employee issues appropriately. Management shares all your personal and professional information with everyone. Listening to calls made by management and colleges which can put pressure on you.. They pay low compared to others in the market. Equally when they say 'you will get £3,600 worth of shares a year' this is true however you cannot sell these for 3 years and if you want to sell them tax free you have to wait 5 years.. Gym membership is on appointment on day only, late nights sometimes, dont touch company shares for about 5 years. Not all managers are suitable for the role.. none to think of at the moment. No cons really. Company are flexible with part time working/childcare are brilliant share scheme.. don't always get job, when needed. Too much pressure - general call centre stress. Not so much to do with the company. 

Some staff can be too 'cliquey'. Low salary, everything else is okay, about the office.. Pay, managers, progression is very difficult.. low basic salary, log hours in order to be a top seller. N/A - good place to work.. Salary is low, and the overall package is reducing due to changing rules on share allocation. Invest more in training and pay your staff more. The company is constantly changing and for some people this is a bad thing. No on site parking
Lower end of salary scale. - Rip off company 
- Managers are spotty teenagers with a powerdrive
- Probation plan is very strict for an entry level job
- Very young and unprofessional managers that sit on their backsides all day while the poor employees have to sit and take up to 300 calls a day apologising that the  customers insurance has risen.. Management have their favourites who they promote to a more senior level which means that most of the time the best candidates for the position are overlooked.
Broken promises.
They go on and on about shares from the start making it out that they are yours instantly, however, you do not start receiving the share money until 3 or 4 years after employment, so to illustrate this point: even though you get letters making you believe the shares are yours from the very start, if you leave the company within 3-4 years you won't get any share money at all, the shares go straight back to the company. It's a sneaky tactic to get you to stay and once you finally get your shares it's then difficult to leave.
Some tasks and checks are completely pointless, irrelevant and a total waste of time.
All this said, many large organisations are the same really so difficult to say whether they are any worse than other companies, some staff really do love their job here and you do meet really good friends and lots of them.. Poor management team, lack of direction, low salary and morale. - Admiral culture can sometimes go too far. It was often the case that when I was on the phone, it was too noisy around me and customers would complain. Not fun
- Systems crashing all the time
- Frontline staff can sometimes be penalised for small mistakes, without being given a chance to defend themselves
- Similarly, frontline staff get a lot of abuse from customers and there could be more support given in this area. No free parking
A lot of time spent in a classroom whilst training. Incompetence pay rates compared to sector averages.. No specific cons for an undergraduate intern.  
The main cons that I have sensed, talking to other employees, are the quite low salaries. However we can also justify that the cost of living in Cardiff is relatively low and that the shares compensate for the low income.. Early morning shifts (6 am) can be rough if you're not a morning person; steep learning curve to overcome at the start; constant change that you need to be resilient for; if you're not ready to work for the incentive the base wage is not huge.. Benefits do not compensate for low salaries on medium/senior non-management positions (better in UK HQ but still low compared to industry average). Management avoids salary negotiations like a plague at the Italian office - it's considered "anti-company culture" to discuss salary levels.. Bullying, if you land in the wrong team, is relentless and completely unrestrained. By far the worst workplace I've ever found myself in.. Pace of development is positive but can be difficult for some to hang on to
 Too many word requirements to complete this form so now filling it with words, words, words. Inconsistent management - at times you can feel like you don't know whether you are coming or going, up or down, right or wrong. One manager can direct you to certain objectives and another will ask you why you're doing things the way you are doing them. Also, if you have a thought, gather information to support your case and then present that information to your manager you could fine yourself in your managers' bad books, but on the other hand, your manager could then the following week explain how if you got an idea, you should do some research, gather information, then present all the facts. As you can see from just these two examples you wouldn't know if you're doing right or wrong, coming or going, up or down. And these are 2 of many examples I experienced. 
Some management aren't technical and don't know their department and what the team does, therefore, when it comes to training they don't know what to training to give. When you're new to the company you can see how this can cause a problem. Managers are supposed to know how to guide and support you not ask you how they can do their job.
Shares given aren't yours until you've held them for 3 years however you do get paid dividends on them.
Salary does not have a fixed range for a role, therefore, this unsettles members of your team and can cause upset. Do not get into a conversation about salary else if your team member is paid lower than you and complains, you'll be in the managers bad books.
Your commitment to your role can easily be disregarded. Example... you leave a secure job to work at Admiral, do everything that is requested from you, hit targets, get good customer feedback, and adhered to all Admiral core competencies, then you get a small misunderstanding and they let you go leaving unemployed without a second thought. Really consider making the move to Admiral if you're already in a secure job because you could fine yourself unemployed over something small.
Favoritism by management is something I also had to experience. You could be the highest skilled team member (not saying I was) but if you're not the favorite you'll be seen as one of the lowest.
Promotes ego's - Those who declare how brilliant they are often and sucks up to manage go further. Although this is against Admiral's core competencies.
You've no support if your manages decide your face doesn't fit. If you go to peoples services (HR) just to chat and get advice, HR will report this to your manager and things become even worse. You quickly become isolated.

Advice - give leaving your current position a lot of consideration before committing to join Admiral. Not all managers are this bad but if you're unlucky and do get a manager like this, you could find yourself signing onto JSA sooner than you think even when you do everything right in your role.. Excellent reputation job offer for both part time and full time job for freshers making income and benefits bonus fee. No cons to working here. Long hours and targets are a little too extreme.. Salary can be below average for similar role.. No Cons,admiral are always improving for their staff. self proclaimed not the best payers in the market and lots of incentives are tied into the share scheme. Hectic and toxic work environment. Very little  communication between levels of management. Not run like a business. Upper management is a boys club, no consistency, hypocritical, and disorganized.. There aren't really many cons to working here, the only thing is possibly the low holiday allocation when you start, but it does go up every year and with flexi time you can make up a few extra days too.. Like many other agile companies, we adapt ourselves to new opportunities quickly. This may mean change of directions based under new circumstances. This suits many who look for working in a fast moving environment, but not everyone.. Not on the cutting edge with tech. 3 year wait to get shares.. over worked, constantly moving target, pressure to go out with the team all the time, no thanks at the end of the day, you are just a number to them, no respect for staff. Unless you're on a good team with a manager who cares about you and doesn't just want you to hit your marks so they get paid then you'll hate it.  Not much training being offered after nearly 2 years with the company.. The salary is low, which can be topped up with commission. The actual work is really repetitive, which becomes a challenge after a while.. None except the pay doesn't seem to compare with other insurance companies locally. Nothing really bad to say about this company.. Good knowledge of cars and insurance. Very poor work-life balance.  Office is micromanaged and management is top heavy with department, operations and now deputy operations managers.. Opportunities to progress aren't all they are made out to be.. Far too many to mention. shares can only be claimed after 3 year mature time,
Overtime is eaten into by now having us work more and more Sunday's. There weren't any Sundays when I started. 
incentive is targeted, miss one miss all. 
The company doesn't listen, your opinions do not matter and God forbid you find yourself under review because there is nothing good enough you can do to change that. 
I've seen so any edged out the door one way or another. 
Greed, all the way through to the core.
 "everyone is driven by money" blanket statements. "You'll make ore money on this structure" when in fact you don't but it takes between 1-2 months to find this out and you get your payslip.

Favouritism, BANTER and Jack-the-Lad attitudes all around. Very unprofessional. The amount of times I got hit by a football at my desk, drowned out by loud music playing when working and trying to work when others would be mess around. This is the sort of culture you'd be working in and its very unprofessional. I'd like to know this if I were a customer.
 
THIS COMPANY IS BAD NEWS FOR YOUR MENTAL HEALTH. 
so many pressured, stressed and depressed. No positive outlet to put this across to them safely, you do, 6 months and your gone.. Pay- Admiral under pay and they know it. I've heard far too many stories from previous candidates who have offers way under their true value. Admiral try to patch this up with their 'shares' and selling in their culture. These do not add up to being underpaid!. Several people I know who have left realised that there is a tendency to hold people back and basic salary is poor. Pay is very low. Share scheme only benefits you if you stay for over 3  years. Too much work and deadlines close to one another. Flicking between files.. Poor management.
Favouritisms.
Lack of skills within the departments.. As you can see from the above there is not really much negative I can say about the business. If I had to pick something, I wish the car park was closer and free :). -Incredibly disparate incentive structure purportedly based on how difficult a given employee's skillset is. The difference in incentive caps are *not* proportional.
-Significant cutbacks to medical/extended health benefits as of August 1, 2016 with only a few weeks' notice but higher premiums
-Major lack of flexibility with regards to scheduling and allowances for vacation/accrued time
-A significant amount of middle-managment apathy getting blamed on staff by upper management
-Advancement is *very* nepotistic. Emphasis on sycophants over skilled candidates.
-Salaries are not competitive, changes to payscale do not reflect inflation
-6am Weekend shifts - for some of us this means getting up as early as 4:00am for a job which is normally 8:30-5.. I have no cons - Remarkable place to work especially for someone who has no real working experience, its a place to grow as a person.. No flexible timing except it is very urgent.. Can't think of anything bad. The office in llansmalet is difficult to get to if you don't drive.. just one cons really, they will play you fool n remove by giving some lame excuse to avoid paying out shares ( as per my opinion) because as per my opinion I have seen people asked to leave  just before they complete 3 years.. The base salaries may not be considered the most competitive in the market; however these salaries are definitely not restricted.
Working in the call centre, you can earn great incentives based on how many calls you have taken and customer experience etc. I think it’s a great motivator to be able to increase your income by working hard. Also, the share scheme is brilliant. It’s important to look at the bigger picture.. The salaries in the call centre are not great but there is always opportunity to earn more through overtime and the share scheme. I feel that Admiral most definitely rewards those who are loyal. As mentioned above starting in the call centre gives you a great foundation to start working your way up.. When I initially joined the company I worked in an entry-level job in the call centre and therefore my salary was relatively low. The opportunity for progression coupled with the share scheme mean if you're prepared to work hard you will have the opportunity to move up in the company.. -The lifts can be difficult to master for beginners as destination must be chosen from outside the lift. This can be catastrophic if you enter a lift that is going to a different floor than the one you intended on visiting.
-Unclear menu in the canteen.. Complicated lifts
Long working hours
Chairs are a little uncomfortable after a long period of work. very false, everyone "has" to be happy
complaints are not accepted
low pay
middle management is awful
things are not improving at all. Can be long working hours (but off set with flexi time)
Parking in Cardiff town centre can be a bit of an issues and trains are infrequent - standard commuter problems really.. Hours can be long
Travelling to the centre of Cardiff is a nightmare. You need to like alcohol to benefit from the social life and events
Too noisy and hectic
Not very professional working atmosphere
Musical beds!! 
Poor communication within management
Favoritism
You lose all your shares if you leave within days of three years continuous service
Inconsistent information and communication
Inconsistent policies
Poor customer values and service at times
The law side is not professional. It's like a zoo. You are not liked, you will be fired. You are liked, you will be promoted.

IT departments are good. You have to follow your manager 100%. We normally see finance department working days and nights and weekends and holidays. Everyday. That too without any additional compensatory benefits perhaps. This is surprising how finance persons there work so much again and again. Management psychology for support department (specially finance) is not understandable. Only 2-3 persons from the starting. Employees are increasing, finance employees are not. Managers are fixed. Again, you must follow them if you want to remain in company.. poor department management 
very clicky (if you don't go on team days out or out for a drink you wont progress with the department your in)
bullies work there and are some how in management. -80% of the workers dress anyhow to work eg- flip flop, pj and stay home clothes.
-Trainer A says one thing and trainer B says another.
-More than half of the tim you get rude customers calling in from Europe. 
-Some British accent are thick to understand.. too much meddling by managers. They need to let people work. small people who blame everyone else for their own short comings. Pressure tactics suck. Micromanagement nightmare.. Pay is below average 
Shares cannot be sold for 3 years. Easy to go down a dead end as technical staff not valued in many departments.
Limited opportunities in support departments.
Who you know not what you know approach to many promotions.
Further training often a n unfullfilled promise rather than something that happens.
Inconsistent approach to bonus'.
Low basic wages.. after passing probation I was hit with a million commands about selling this and that, spending half hour convincing someone to stay after there price had probably increased by atleast 10% till last year the company made you try and sell three products on calls that ranged from £30-£90. the amount of times I had customers who where really irate after trying to sell left me with some real confidence issues. training was given but nothing could help with the back lash from customers.
my manager was more hooked up to calling his wife whilst on a one to one session and moaning If we didn't hit targets cause that's how he got his pay. Long shifts. Sitting down a lot of the time but this cant be helped.. - Salaries
- Lot of processes. There is currently a push to have employees sign over their rights to Facebook, Twitter and any other social media site they're currently using.  Management is violating basic privacy rights through the collection, use and storage of information that is personal in nature.  Therefore, I implore my peers who read this to please open a case with the privacy commissioner based on the following:  Work and my life outside of work is now being vetted. Pushed upon me as as "Work-blending' as pressure tactics are in place to force employees to spend time outside of work with their managers.  I have a family, and I’m not interested in ‘hanging out’ with supervisor outside of work with a friendly threat of being fired if I do not.

There are also a lot of instances whereby management are in a position of power and are exerting their influence to force relationships with employees. 

If someone from the labor board or privacy commissioner’s office read this, please investigate.. - The actual job is awful. Anxiety inducing and not worth my time. Having to deal with people moaning for eight hours a day is hell on earth.. 7.5 years of mentoring new starters, going on every training session possible, provided multiple times i knew more than managers in the department about processes and procedures, working earlier and later than my shift without pay to help a customer and port of calls with multiple departments in claims to better myself yet left in effectively the exact same position as when i started.

There are next to no opportunities to progress, the rare time one comes up you can guarentee it'll go to one of the guys partying with the managers every night.

Pay is so atrocious it sounds like a joke.

"Benefits" are free fruit, shares that you need to wait 3 years for and thats roughly about it.. - Work can get very repetitive at times
- May face very rude clients at times
- Weekend shifts maybe a deal breaker to some. The actual job is terrible with little support from management and a lot of feedback to make the employee feel like crap!. The remuneration is very poor. You would think an organization like this would have genuine opportunities.  Progression is  difficult due to lack of opportunity.  There are titles available to make people think they have been promoted or are superior to others but this is just a management trick to create the illusion of progression.  Training and development is lacking and therefore the customer is the main victim as they receive a substandard service.

Management here is arrogant and contemptuous.  There is also a culture of blatant discrimination. 

The majority of people who work here are duplicitous, to put it politely.  

The "benefits" are only benefits if you have use for them, for example not many people need 10% off in a sandwich shop!  Shares only have a use if you give up long periods of your life to the company as they are controlled by HMRC rules. 

I would suggest this company as a last resort stepping stone into something more appropriate.. Negativity, Rumours , People at better positions pulling you down and one time all is gone what you have done and only the powerful people have a say . This company staffs 20% of people from the UK admiral office where in they have all the potential within there office to make it business as usual. Now over there the management trust's the gora's more than there own staff since they get a lot of hugs and kisses which every Indian would normally like.. - Pay could be seen as a con - but I enjoy what I do and the benefits make up for it.. It is a small company looking for space on a rather corwded market. EXPECT
- low wages for long hours which can change the day before you're meant to do them
- so low they actually give free breakfast towards the end of the month because they know none of their employees can likely afford to eat by then.
- micromanagement of every activity to the millisecond. Need the loo, recorded. Cup of tea? recorded. Put the customer on hold to ensure a good job, also recorded and sanctioned. If you do any of those things your pay suffers. Seriously.
- they say you get bonuses, but they'll fix it so you can't. Those sanctions I mentioned... this is what I'm talking about. Unless you have a perfect score (so no going to the loo, no tea and no looking after your customers!, no calls lasting longer than 6 mins even if the caller has a problem which requires it, answering calls immediately to the millisecond - if they drop the call that's your fault too) - you might get something small in theory. In reality since the above is impossible you won't get anything - but then they'll tell you it's your fault.
- the company to assume you're trying to do a bad job and treat you accordingly. But they will TELL you they're treating you nice, and give you chocolate. And expect you to love them for it - which actually works on some people.
- to have your meagre wages docked for reasons you can't control or appeal. Somebody else mail the customer docs out to the wrong address? Even though you told them the opposite? Your fault. Lose pay. 
- to foster depression and a low sense of self-esteem


DO NOT EXPECT
- any sort of joy coming into work. It is no exaggeration to say EVERYBODYS motivation is to "get off the phones" because of what a soulless job that is - but there is very very little chance of doing that. 
- to be promoted, especially for your skills. Unless your face fits, or you go out every night with the relevant team managers and lose all those meagre wages
- to be rewarded for looking after your customers. You are far more likely to get docked. 
- to be treated with respect, by anybody.

TLDR: admiral treats its employees like it treats its customers, saying they're doing something nice while punching them in the face. Few dichotomie between different Group activities. So, in essence, you need to ask yourself whether you belong at Admiral Group or not. They do not hire top talent because they are not given the money for it, and you need to be very careful about going someplace you will not fit in. Unfortunately, this was my tale. I wanted to write a very acerbic review, and I certainly had the material for it, but at the end of the day, I realized that I parted ways with the organisation at my discretion, because we were not compatible with each other. I am a very energetic, hard-working individual who is extremely well qualified, and who seeks qualifications and improvements wherever they exist (that is not hyperbole, that is fact). As Admiral does not hire top talent, I was not able to communicate effectively with anyone and felt extraordinarily out of place at the organisation. People began acting ugly around me because they could not match my productivity or the pride I took in my work, and attempted to force me out and/or lower my standing via rumours, running gags, jokes at my expense, so on and so forth (and believe me when I say that I have enough incidents I could repeat here to get a few people fired). I want to be nice here and be very careful to say that I don't blame the people that work in this organisation, because I do not hold ill-will for them, but you, the reader, need to be very mindful of what is likely to happen if you're one type of person in a very different type of environment.

Off of my soapbox, the organisation has a disingenuous practice of paying their employees very little, and then pushing the idea of a happy workplace that everybody seems to have bought into. Its nonsense. They compensate poor pay with throwaway gestures like free fruit, and gym membership, while they rack the savings into their annual profit figures. I don't want to use strong terms like this, but the company is organised like a sweatshop - a good-looking sweatshop, but a sweatshop nevertheless. The building is completely open-plan, with the bosses sat right by their teams, and their bosses watching right behind them, like overseers in factories. They spin this as something that fosters good communication, which it may well do, but I suspect what it's really about is keeping an eye on the employees. It's an almost creepy feeling you get talking to some of the employees - everybody feels underpaid, nobody wants to be there (not really), but everybody seems happy, like they've been brainwashed into thinking that way, because they've been given free fruit every single workday and their manager is right by their side to remind them of this fact in case anybody acts up. I don't know, there's certainly something to be said as to the quality of the facilities, but Admiral doesn't invest in its people, and its a point that's always brought up but nothing's done about it, as though its a part of the plan. They roll out food for people at the end of the month because the implication is that they've spent all of their money. If the employees were paid properly, first, there wouldn't be the money to give out food, and secondly, they would in theory then have the money to feed themselves at the end of the month.

For a company that says how much of a people business it is, it sure sounds like it's trying to compensate for something. I think that thing might be employee pay, and I think that's why they say that they're a people-driven business to begin with.. Salary is atrocious in comparison to other jobs requiring this level of knowledge and experience. The company attempts balances this out with shares, but this does't ever give you a salary you can count on. Favouritism is rife and progression opportunities are minimal, any job change appears to be a side step. Workload is intense and appears to affect people outside of work.. over feeding lol
expected to go above and beyond which some people wont. It's s hard job for be as it is my first job yet hours are flexible so I don't mind.. high pressure environment, Basic wage supplemented by bonus' for hitting sales targets. Nepotism is rife. No real possibility of upwards movement unless you go out drinking with the managers every week.  Shift pattern leave you with no real work/life balance.. The job!!! For what is comparatively low wages the management expect miracles. I was with the Admiral Group for 3 years and in my last year before I left i joined the legal arm of the company called Admiral Law which was recently set up. Admiral Law has an incredibly high number of people leaving the company for a number of reasons. The work load was just far too high because people were leaving faster than they could recruit. Management are out of touch. Considering people were working as hard as they could management treated the employees very badly which demotivated staff because you were never considered to be good enough. I left because i was tired at the way i was being treated with my confidence at an all time low. Since leaving the company I have found my confidence again am very positive about the future (more so because I dont have to return to the company).

The office hours of 9-6 are very long. I would start to switch off around 4.30 and the last 1.5hours would drag.. Pay is terrible (and annual pay increases are tiny, often about 0.5%).  

There is very little room for promotion as the managers who get stuck where they are jealously guard their position.  

The work is mind-numbingly boring and repetitive, even in the more "complex" departments where I have worked.

I joined on a graduate scheme, and have been put in the same position as school leavers, don't believe that it is a graduate scheme.. Pay. Working hours. Unrealistic expectations & unreasonable targets.. Low basic salary - this is supplemented by a generous employee share scheme, although some employees voiced concerns that they would rather have a better basic salary than to receive shares. 
Call-centre jobs can be high pressured.
Favouritism is widespread in many departments.. 40 hour week is only downside, 35 would be better. Flexi time in my department helps though.. everyday is sale sale sale
lies to customers about prices. Money, benefits, senior managers, senior directors, sincerity. Little regard for the disadvantaged. professional project mgmt isn't always in the works, we fly by the seat of our pants. This has pro's (we're nimble, adaptable) but some con's (repeat errors).. Recent hires in senior management are questionable - people imported from large corporates who are afraid to make decisions and don't like being asked to do work themselves. Newer business departments (overseas, price comparison) are highly political. Under-performers are not managed out and are paid so well they never volunteer to leave, meaning there is an increasing layer of dead weight in the business.. Not really good teamwork and tech. old tech
non innovative
very italian centric with little mobility in other locations. Extremely slow and bureaucratic, alpha male dominated culture (non-inclusive), not protective of employees´ health.. slow career and salary growth. Poor management poor communication lack of trust. - small salary
- sometimes a lot of overtime. The infrastructure could be better. Pay compared to UK banks. Boring banking jobs
Code comments are in german. low innovation, no other disadvantages. Not that I remember. n/a. there is much overtime job. Big company, hierarchical, benefits below competitors. No cons; maybe a bit stressful but depends on the job. slow career progress and a lot of favouritism. Not quite good organization of internal processes. Low, salary, rate, no personal, development,. Nothing special to be mentionned. Unfavourable mobility and not much training. Not clear how to do career. difficult career advancement and zero career opportunities. Very rigid framework, lack of trainings and attractive compensations, network of relationships required to be recognised (not necessarily by skills). -I have not find yet. Small salary raise, very rarely
Bad management
High pressure environment. No upper management or corporate help with issues in the office.. bad management and organization of tasks accross members of the team. Confused environment without any IT strategy, management focused on short term period.. Low salary, contract conditions are not in accordance with position and tesponsibilities. Exploitation of interns happens everyday.. Contraints in developv Career path. The teams consist of almost solely senior members.. not very structureds and lacks intern get togethers. small department
many jobs to handle. A lot of bureaucracy, old technologies. Shshdhur her Shen ahaha when Durham. bad IT infrastructure, lot of administration. Not the greatest salaries ever. Not too much room for promotion. Hard to develop in career, low salaries, often changing employers instead of trying to keep the current ones.. Lack of progression, lack of career prospects. Low salary, infrastructure is less developed than other banks, tasks are too light and boring. low pay compare to other Investment bank. System that looks like dinosaur, but still works. Work life balance.. Hierarchy, structure, responsibilities, organization, goals, infrastructure. Not many possibilities of advancing. -not many opportunities for career development.. Low salary, rather low opportunities for self development, lot of administration. old tehnology, no team buildings , italian business. Weak IT infrastructure results in low efficiency. Not too many benefits, small salary. Pay is average. Advancement can be hard. Innovation is awarded verbally only. HR is very poor.. unfair hr mgmt and yesmen managers. The salary is low. Weak career opportunities.. Italian business with limited growth. - not many promotion options. Massive pressure in certain periods.. Very unstructured and the bank is not growing. Lot of word. No balance. hard to move internally, too political. no cons at all !. - none
- none
- none
- none
- none. HR support and IT to be improved. Older staff and lack of ambition for change from communists. Overcrowded in some sectors and you have to fight for your space in the company. Vary bad for long term stay and progres. - No regrets for working here (UniCredit). Some management is very old schooled and need to get with the times. i do noy have such opinion. nothing's bad, everyone is enjoying the job. Very structured approach and many old thinking. Work life balance not very good, work can be redundant. legacy, IT, middle mangement, business enviroment. Master's degree are usually required. Political environment, individual environment, no team-work, too much bureaucracy, no real chances for your future career unless u compromise with your ideas, horrible pay.. too much bureaucracy, inefficient management. Slow salary progress, overall comp below international peers. to much overtime work, salary, no education, no investment in people. Could be better at being more open and have more people in tbe building.. No cons that I can think of. milano, aria, macchina, moto, bus. Not much opportunity for career growth. I am still a junior so need to better understand the bank. Company doesn’t care that people are working to much. Complex Bureaucratic environment
Slow Career Progression. Tight deadlines and they add up. Very bad management at all levels. not enough drivers to work abroad. Most useless management ever seen. There are too much corporate hierarchy.. authoritarian system, employees are not respected, no free time, no life time balance,. Nothing bad to say about the company. Very different scenarios across divisions. Structure and international exposure. 
Dont kid yourself as being considered of value
constant change. Unclear strategy on what is happening once you return from an assignment.. Very burocratic being an Italian company.. Nothing to add on this topic. Rigid work time, unpleasent working enviroment. Not many perks. Not
Many opportunities to grow. - Continuosly pressure from management
- Not visible the promotional process
- one person doing 3 person's job
- Underpayment. Slow development in the slow Munich culture. Slow career path for most of the professionals. Lack of education and possibility to grow. Not much growth for young people. Head office abd decision making are in Milan or Munich. -too much work compared to the salary (<2000 RON)
-growth opportunity related to this position is pretty narrow (doing the same things over and over again like a robot). Low automatisation and slow introduction of new technology. there is nothing for cons. Not very good prospects for professional growth. The salary could be higher. salary is not so good and program. Low Salary vs Peers and Growth perspective. Slow career progression for technical people. No cons as of now, quite enjoyable to work in. The huge salary differences between new employees and old ones. The new employees have higher salaries. hard to go further inside the company. Low salary compared to how much you work. Low salary compared with the very big responsabilities.. Low salaries range at many departments. nothing,is a place where you don t get appreciatte. A lot of restrictions, especially for IT
Lot of bureaucracy
Hard to move things. Additional time investment needed in order to gain new skills. You can't grow professionally, the salary. Didnt have any of them. not a lot of learning opportunities. No personal development for employees. Too slow for developing yourself. boring activity, once a year possibility of promotion but never enough budget, part-time cannot be promoted, not enough proactivity from the employees, not enough interest in the development of employees, if there is a system failure on the company laptop you are required to work overtime. A lot of over time. Company does not seem to take into consideration concerns and input form employees. There were no negative points for me. difficult career path . . .. Leasing market in Croatia is volatile. not a brand name in the US, not much deal flow. no bonuses, no salary increase, no benefits and no transparent interaction of promotions. Totally unfair for tech guys. The carrer path is defined only if you are a PM. You can scale up your role only if you know the right people. No meritocracy at all. Everyone in the company knows how to avoid working and getting genuine help between colleagues happens seldomly.. Slow moving career / especially compensation wise
People in Milan, Vienna and Munich have almost no other alternatives, hence the company is leveraging this
No prosperity/future in Investment Banking or Markets. Low salary, bad team, bad management, bad organization. Wish there could be more team activities.. Staying overtime during some peak times of the year. Couldn't find any cons so far.. Stuck in the past; negative bias towards women. Can be hard to do something that has real impact. Salary as a part-time employee was terrible. It paid less than a fastfood chain. The company does not offer anything to non-core employees. No opportunities for development or learning. 
The department management is not very innovative and lacked any vision. 
Their IT equipment is ancient and internal network is extremely slow. Would regularly wait 10 minutes for the computer to boot.
Company culture and values are very empty. They are in a form of random slogans and banners plastered around the company with no real actions behind them. The slogans are very generic as well.. Very complex and chaotic structure. Limited growth opportunities (pretty straightforward to get to Senior Associate level, higher is extremely difficult and depends a lot on network, politics, sponsorship etc).. No growth for IT professionals, no valuable trainings, no salary increase. Compared to entry-level positions in banking, the salary is good, but it's still not too attractive considering that targets top talents.. Bad salary, too much work, no appreciation. Internship tasks can be repetitive and boring sometimes. low pay no training basic stuff. nothing to say now as all good. That would probably be the salary.. If you are looking for a job to improve yourself as a developer, Unicredit is not the place. The projects are very old and with outdated frameworks. You are not took into consideration if you have an idea which requires new technologies, because "we are not allowed to change the application".
The financial reward also is very bad for a programmer and this is indeed the reason why most of IT guys are leaving this company. After each annual discussion, the manager is saying that there is no budget, but he appreciate your work very much. So you can have a similar salary also after some years, which is not ok at all.. - very complex organisation
- managerial style often old-fashioned
- no opportunity for salary increase. You need to wait too long for growing in the company. Very slow career progression / conservative approach. I can't say any cons about this company. I loved my experience here.. Boring job, no possible promotion.. Slow career progresses for young talent. Salaries are aligned with competitors.. no pay increase for 5 years, no investment in career development and no  opportunity to progress. Office bulding location, salary negotiation. Unclear and few real development paths if you are aiming more international exposure. Pays below market average,. No definite strategy on how to train new employees. Italian language is a must, bureaucratic procedures,  weak management. complex projects, huge system, lack of documentation. no salary increase just the bonuses negotiated by sindicate and another bonus for performance. - Abolutely no training, not even from seniors (excluding very general ones)
- Poor quality managers
- Even if transfers from one departament to another are possible (for exemple if you feel like you cannot evolve anymore in one), be careful, as there are no trainings and you may not succeed
- Poor retention of good people with knowledge, mediocrity based on good looks or capacity to talk a lot even if they don't know the subject. No meritocrazia - azienda in fase di maturità - poca crescita e sviluppo. Burocracy, burocracy, burocracy, burocracy and burocracy. Very slow career progress. If you are below manager level, you are almost invisible.. No real cons from my experience. difficult to improve in the company. Sometimes too laid back, no daily pressure on KPIs. too much commercial pressure, old IT systems. IT support, not always clear Career path. The crisis in the banking sector, redundancy plans, turnover stop,  makes it challenging to access. Talent Management could be better: the best people are allowed to leave. Working style, processes
Company culture
Management
Strategy, direction. high involvement in the process, I can lose work-rest balance;  straightforwardness;  delegation, I always keep everything under control. There is no room for improvement. Limited movement across different regions and businesses. Russian business style is still here at many points. low salaries compared to market. busy at times
long hours of work. low salary, a lot of paper work. Frequent travel, long hours at times.. management team changes too often, leadership thought even when not necessary. Client coverage is limited to mainly European accounts and euro. Top management doesn't recognize the skill and every three years destroys everything. They should recognize the workers as a resource, not always as a cost. There is a lot of bureaucracy, the technology stack is ancient.. Managaement are small minded and quick to blame others. Too many people not really contributing and little upside if you perform well. Salary not often reviewed, some higher managers not supportive. too big corporation. in some case you can be a number. lack of infrastructure support from overseas. Without real common management on the different locations. low wage  for internal career. Low salary for the requirements. No training given 
Poor involvement. Stress and multiple deadline short deadlines. Heavy and not clear connections between division of the bank. Lots of legacy apps, old technologies. benefits, salary, no opportunity to improve or to advance in the career. Bureaucracy is the most annoying.. Commercial Bank, Bad bonuses, no Flexibility. Lack of any kind of employee's retention unless the person wants to leave the company. Only to that point a  new offer is proposed. I don't think there's much possibility to advance, but if you find the right opportunity within the company, there might be a position that suits you better than the one you were initially employed.. Long working hours, stressful job. Outdated technologies (for some projects), Waterfall approach (almost no Agile), small chances for innovation 
Company culture is quite rigid, almost no team buildings. Not enough feedback for the employees. You need to push, push, push people around or you will have nothing to do
Salary is 30% under market
Little to no support
Everything moves very slow. Head Office people are non-sense. Count on your own to get things done. Best at word play. Worst at taking concrete actions.. too many foreign management appointments replacing good managers who communicate with staff. Salary is average. Lack of digitization. Management, teams, no teambuildings, salary, benefits, bonus. Not well organized and structured internally. Sometimes it is boring but on the whole there is no cons.. Low pay compared to the industry average, scarce mobility, low career chances. Banking may not be the most attractive industry any longer. Really poor for young people who are ambitious as you older people sit and the top and they will not pay you.. Minimum career opportunities  within group. Low income, not in line with local economy and rate of inflation.. No cons, great company for our market conditions. Management
Vision
Projects and learning opportunities 
No payed certifications
A lot of projects are personalized and you don't learn much that can be useful in other IT companies. Waterfall generally used, instead of Agile. Of course there are also downside (sometimes I felt that transparency is lacking), but all in all, I would recommend UniCredit as an employer.. no future growth, no meritocracy, low salary. HR policy is to reshuffle people around every 2 years, just the time to get professional on a job.
International relocations of offices (traders and risk management moved across Milan/Munich/London/Vienna) are often the case to increase costs, worsen work-life balance conditions and please local bosses.
Get there only if you have a high-ranking friend OR if you are a junior from CEE (esp. Croatian): only in this case you get a stunning career progression not based on merit. Alternatively, you are parked and nagged till you leave.
Gender gap exists: it is generally accepted that men are paid and progress more than women.
All past acquisitions leave a heritage of nationalism: Germans never integrated Austrians (HVB + Bank Austria), Italians never integrated Germans (Unicredit + HVB). Bottom line, if you are in the wrong country (and not CEE junior), your chances of survival are slim.. In Bosnia and Herzegovina workers of Croatian nationality were privileged. You are just a number in a wast army of employees, it becomes monotonous after a certain period of time. Political like crazy, poor management with personal agendas, if they don't like you personally they will make your life hell. French mafia. High focus on flow business as opposed to event business. 
Extreme cost focus. 
Support infrastructure of back office non existent.. Short-term goals, no strategy and little backing or resources to get things done.. Career steps not defined
Inefficiently working
Nor organised. too much bureaucracy, lack of real interest in development. no cons found to describe. Low level of management understanding principles.. too much politics less meritocratic. Absence of empathy and care for employees. The pay is not competitive enough. - low salary
- some employees were rude. salaries, networking, no carrier path. Low salary compared to my expectations.. NO RETURN OFFER NO HEADCOUNT  FOR INTERNS, repetitive work. Poor Lidership in IT middle management. Unwilling to offer more meaningful career or pay progression for younger people who 'deliver' and perform - leaves the firm very unattractively positioned as an employer.. Lack of feedback culture, people development. but the development and opportunities afterwards are restricted, workforce overaged. none so far totally happy. Huge pay gap, women hardly get to the top, Italian men built solid glass ceiling. They tell you there will be good chance to be hired but only the 20% of the stagionale employees will be hired. bad processes,hardly changing. Continous refacotr of organisation.. Needs to 'grow up' to be a faster moving entity that is changing towards the gig economy in the UK. Working hours - no or a little time for private life. There is no opportunity for trainings and develop your knowledge, no workshops, no teambulding events, there's no raise in the salary etc.. Also wouldnt say that the atmosphere is youngish. This company is a dead end.. Not enough flexibility in the decision making process. 
No cafeteria on site.. Should be more structured and less hierarchical. None worth listing on here. Old school / Old Europe Organization with very slow decision making and a huge number of managerial levels.. Backward way of thinking and unclear competition among colleagues. internal job changes are not rewarded. no career or individual development path. There weren't many negative things.. - salaries not correlated with experience ( no salary increases with time)
- small additional benefits to salary
- no flexible program
- no work from home yet. Rigid procedures
Slow to change and adapt to new opportunities. There are a lot of drawbacks:

- corruption of management,
- discrimination,
- poor corporate governance,
- corrupted internal audit,
- weak internal control,
- no career opportunities,
- not an equal opportunity employer,
- corporate values don't work.. No career progression, lack of direction. Low package for local employment. Under pressure,hard very very late. Bank has less presence in UK. Poor evaluations(not meritocracy...but more like please everybody )
Dead periods of no work
Slooow advancement(perfect job for seniors who want a good retirement place). - In London the education side and the promoting is not as advanced as in their headquarter (Milan). Hiring systems - is who you know in the company. IT systems should be improved. Low Salary, in my team 12 hours on job a day. There is limited mentorship and training. -you dont really work on new projects, just old ones that need constant bug fixing and refactoring. Salaries were not fair at all.. People are promoted based on friendship and links in the company. 
If someone else comes with good ideas, they take the ideas and fire the person.. - boring
- slow carrier growing
- socialism - big basic salary, small bonuses
- small bonuses. - Some offices within the bank do not share the same vision/culture. slow support and no flexible work hours. Didn't find any major cons. Little opportunity to progress, Italian politics. - not chalenging enough at times. Nothing. Only do the your best.. - Inefficiency and lack of motivation throughout the company. Because of powerful contracts people are not afraid of being laid off and this result in extreme inefficiency.
- Not merit based salary. You will see colleagues earning much more than you but working twice as less.
- Lack of managerial skills. People managing teams usually lack any skills in managing subordinates and are rather task oriented than people oriented,
- Slow decision making and hierarchical organization. A project gets approved in months, and runs for ages. By the time it gets done, it's not needed anymore,
- Slow in embracing technology and innovation.. Bad attitude from Management and a rather dark, unfriendly atmosphere in the Service Desk.. Large companies tend to be slow in moving. Office and Departments Management
Many promotion possibilities but none - you either agree with who you should agree or else you skip the promotion. Doing dirty work for the managers would improve your chances too - not doing it, erases you from the promotions list.
Poisonous environment - if the Managers do not like you, etc.
#Resist for 8 years in the company - this was eventually time lost and lost opportunities elsewhere. Low Salaries, zero incentives 
No support for career development from senior management
30% of the people leave the team within 1 year
Almost impossible to find young people in middle management. Mostly very positive experience. Nothing on cons. Pay
Pay
Pay
Politics
Work life balance gets tougher for juniors in CIB. Combined with a below market pay... it's having a huge impact on retention. To accept the challenge of working with people of different cultures. stressfull worrking condition, competitive work environment. Cost cutting resulted in no research product to offer clients. Salary increase over the year not competitive with the industry. Location, development, management style, digitalisation level. Having to deal with rude customers.. Slow career progression
Harsh competition from colleagues. salary is not priced at market, inflexibe to change job internally, massive cost cutting which include cost cutting by reduction in head count across all functions and in IT. low WLB for inhouse, low trust and low chances to grow. complicated and long processes make waste of time. Low pay in Italy, especially compared across Europe. Complete absence of organization, mobbing pursued due to "fear to be fired: keep your butt covered and keep silence", competition used to submit other colleagues, any sense of cooperation.. little professional growth, low salaries. lack of stragtegy; limited range of products. Don't like to listen to the advice from the staff members.. * Ageing technology
* Management in disconnect with market realities
* Bureaucracy
* Compensation. -old technologies
-there is not a single test for the application
-big ball of mud architecture
-spaghetti code
-unprofessional employees
-intelect killer. Hardtime dealing with rude customers, typical for a bank.. Low salaries, people swearing at the office,. stress, long hours, competitive, less training. bad working place, low sallar. Just  departments available for intern positions
All the notions and knowledge acquired during a full-time job, can be flawlessly assimilated during a part-time job. (the salary is the same).   Often, several time-consuming tasks without any chance to learn,. Plus professionality for managers and plus sharing. Salary is medium.. Unprofessional, irresponsible & immoral management, hostile environment against business, pervert credit culture, no respect to staff, superficial harmony.. Educational support is very limited considering the allocated budget.. too little people
no career oportinities
much politics. Income is too low and the benefits are absent. Confined office space, bad quality of air. Absolutely no parking space available, bonuses are unpredictable as are too dependent on various  divisions performance throughout Europe. Some divisions are a mess!. Industry in a cost cutting phase, not enough reactive to new technological and social trands. High turnover with no replacements in Italy, Crazy working hours, lack of a clear career path, useless division between IT and Business, stupid burocracy, too much externalisation.. everything. bad people, bad culture. To high fluctuation of employees lack of cooperation between various groups
Inadequate IT support and hardware. only a small company, with a few collegues. few career opportunities for young graduates outside Graduate impact program. Bureaucratic, fragmented, internally focused, groupthink, torn between social mission and commercial goals. Career progression
Salary below market
Milan centric
Minimum investment in IT
Ageing technology. Too much pressure,working with angry clients, a lot of assignments,too much information about every project. Opaque corporate culture, lots of face time, bad work-life balance and remuneration totally disconnected from performance.. Like every bank - slow technological development. Quite chaotic, comunication between teams can be very difficult. Slow processes, not pro-active human resources. beurocracy, below the medium market package, not transparent and sustainable at career opportunities. Almost no possibility to work overtime, no teambuildings, not so good remunerated. - promotions and salaries on hold since a couple of years
- closing of facilities for employees (e.g. swimming pool)
- atmosphere not so great due to cost cutting since 10 years. Challenging headcount plan drives the decision making, with HQ driven priorities.. Lack of communication, lack of enthusiasm, slow learning process. Long hours 
Busy office
Bossy Management. - none really, enjoying my time here. Much too granular teams impacting decision speed. Convoluted management structure, not very centralized and challenged by bad loans in italy, an old banking mentality and focus on commoditized banking products.. work-load inefficiency hr compensation inequality. Long working hours and a lot of overtime. Sometimes discrepancies in circulating information due to some overlapping in a large organization, yet the bank has always succesfully streamlined. The demanding activity of approving global compliance policies applicable to subsidiaries carrying out business in different jurisdictions.. there are not downsides to work in unicredit. Slow Rate of career improvement. lack of relationship between employees, lack of teamwork,. Every year they are reducing slowly. Lack of  training;
Lack of personnel vs high volume of information. Innovation level is low, time to market too long, a lot of bureaucracy.
Sometimes you feel you are powerless.. Too much time spent on clock-watching due to lack of organization. Low salaries. Repetitive job. Any change occurring at extremely low pace. Too many consultants.. - redundant work
- limited promotion possibilities. Italians preferred, nor really transparent, cost saving first. Zero possibility of growth
Middle management focused only on personal career progression
No training. Few opportunities to get promoted. low growth rate and viciously development environment. Salary bank team job team location. Bad people management, not many opportunities for climbing the ladder in the company.. Small salaries considering the level of work, of stress, of responsibilities.. better total rewards system, higher transparency should be in place. Highly political, too much admin and most of it repeated, heavy workload in last two quarters as projects all start at the middle of the year.. boring daily tasks
poor organisation level
not learning much
low visibility. Skills learned here not too technical
Intern not enough exposure. London branch is heavily dominated by Head Offices in Munich and Milan.  As Italian economy fails, influx of Italian management, and redundancies.. Very low salaries; No training for employees; Only small group of people are subjects to benefits, whilst the rest of the employees are treated as disposable goods. Slightly bureaucratic but friendly administrative. very low carrier opportunities especially for graduates.. It is not a bulge bracket  investment bank. low rate, no posiibility to advance in career. Sometimes frustrating due to strategy by Holding.. We try to improve returns everyday. the look of the team and the working group is very much emphasized. the goal is always to improve. Career Killer, Dead End
No incentive to do better.
Offers very little training to employees and when there is training, most don't cooperate as they are afraid that others may take their job away.. Size of the company, wide use of external consulting. None, the company was aware of how to deal with interns. slow career progressions, hierarchical structure. - Mustier's plan (re-organization and salary cuts). No possibilities for developing yourself as professional. very confusing processes. BIG CASINO (confusion in italian)
Very frustrating environment, high risk of burn out.. no negative aspects observed yet. - Too much bureaucracy: yes, it's a bank, but every project is 10 days actual work and 15 (not joking) days for documents, forms, checks, authorizations and so on. Crazy
- Out of control: internal costs are absolutely incredible. I saw project that could be completed in 5 dies sold for 150.000€. I hear people calling project of 1 million euros small projects. Examples, but that's the normality. Wastefulness is everywhere.
- Far management: managers are too focused on top-down actions and initiatives, often not coordinated, heavy and spread as super urgent.
- Low level of education: many courses are available but often focused on very old technologies and standards. Budget cutting made very hard to take part to courses, anywhere.
- Low career opportunities: it is due to the size of the company, of course. It moves very slowly. You can grow up only if someone above you retires, even if you the genius of your time. Talent scouting is very poor.
- Money: wage is good for newly graduated people or young persons. It takes ages to get to a hierarchical level when the amount of money is worth the effort.
- No values, very poor collaboration between different teams. The approach is almost always competitive. Salary is lower than in other banks. old technologies, for juniors growing it's very slow. Old technologies,  old and confusonary processes, old tools, boring and repetitive daily tasks, very few projects and new developments, too many calls and meetings, no career paths defined, no team working, bad work laptop and mobile. Very slow salary increase perspective. Pecentage of salary increase are minimal. A lot of bureaucracy. A lot of projects that are being done and not properly tested / documented. Top Management with a lot of ideas but without any knowledge of the real problems on a employee level. This is why a lot of good employees are leaving.. I can't think any. Maybe the multitude of used internal systems which make the info hard to reconcile and align.. Excessive layers of management, heavy politics French vs Italian, Germans vs both.  Bureaucratic hurdles are vast, with many contract temp-workers in key operational or compliance functions.  These temps are only trained to tick boxes, turnover is high.  One ends up leaning on team managers to get things done - but nothing done quickly. Senior management not detail oriented.. Room for improvement in HR-processes, management sometimes choleric, bad implementation of open office (very loud). very demanding, not for people without full dedication to their profession. no particular cons, everything is good. Banking has become tough, cost cutting will be paramount in next years.
Lots of people leaving. Lots of uncertainties around.. it's not the latest technology but good to know. bad choice of  majority of employees. Bureaucracy, the sale process and finish of it is more difficult inside the company. I had a first interview with the HR and the hiring manager during which they told me about an innovative role within a new department, but it seemed they had not clear ideas about the position and explained the job activities without going into details. Then they offered me the job. I requested a second interview to obtain more details and they kept telling me about how they were doing innovation. Unfortunately I trusted them, accepted and turned down a better economical offer hoping to acquire more knowledge and skills. Once joined I realized they hired people without knowing what they would have done. I was assigned to a task never discussed before and completely different from what I expected (and I was not the only new hired in that position). Even after several negative feedbacks about my situation they just made promises but nothing ever changed.. Salary low, that's a true problem.. Low salary, hard to get career opportunities. No big opportunities for career (they easily permit changes intra different functions, but no easy change in compensation and responsibilities). salary and compensation, career opportunities, teamwork. Salary on the lower IB-scale. Boring job and responsibilities, old technologies used, nothing new to learn. Salaries 
Limited International Competitiveness in some areas. bad as pays are low and work/life balance is bad. Innovative technology is not a must have for this company. Dead end, back stabbing people. managers generally not interested in new tech
they speak about it,but reluctant to learn anything about it

hard work is never observed or awarded

avoid plz. Very complex, federated organisation with hierarchical, almost paternalistic management style. Confused international strategy beyond home markets. Lack of investment over time means many products are not market leaders; customer loyalty may be declining in some areas.. Some managers are not very competent. Low salary,  difficult to grow inside the company, not open minded. no cons, no cons no cons no cons. low compensation, limited benefits, cost cutting strategy, unable to turnaround, lack of long term strategy. - HR. Not all of them but the majority think they are some demigods and will treat you like scum. Had the pleasure of knowing some cool people in HR but also some totally bad ones.
- Too much bureaucracy.. Rather negative changes recently, the situation of the employees working in Vienna is still unclear. Rumors about a possible sale. After the CEE spin-off Bank Austria might become an austrian bank instead of an international bank. The average age of the employees is rising as there is no new in-flow of fresh graduates.. Improved but career paths are still linked to subjective decisions . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Rooted Italian culture unacceptable for a group whose presumption is to be international.
Low salaries for juniors (at least up to 5 years experience).
HR doesn't fulfill employees expectations.. Hard to growth professionally for junior.. Compensation
Bureaucratic organization and HR processes. too big, italian, small bonuses. - Salary & benefit  gaps exist between the different Graduates, depending on their core team & country. Nothing, it is very good company with nice people. Process too complicated and waste of time, lack innovation. Frequent changements and reorganizations, internal/external communication to improve. there are no particular cons. not really any thing i can sugest. Organization needs shake and transformation to stay leader on the market. Strong HR policy to avoid breaking Human Rights. Interesting projects, great working culture.. Wage setting. It's pretty difficult increase it internally.. bad senior mgt, lack of control and lack of coordination between depts. closed branch in Ukraine, small sallary. uncertainty of direction, too many top management changes. If you're on the hunt for culture, established processed, keep looking. To few training courses for the new technologies, hiring a lot of people for management positions without relevant   experience.. Office culture is a bit dull and also rigid. Ideas take a while to make it to the top of the company and given the state of UniCredit financially, many ideas are kind of unwanted as they are too expensive. Too many changes of strategy in the Company and in the Group.. Upward promotion depends on politics less on merit
Not promoting women enough. I stayed for a short time of two months, didn't really spot any!. cliquey workplace, career progression impossible unless you are old friends with top managers, unqualified managers promoted for being loyal but not for competency, managers not involved in strategic decision making as regulators and politicians are setting direction, no workplace culture, bonus disappearing. Benefits could be better. Everything else is fine.. Poor employee retention policy, inflexibility to consider alternative work arrangements. Bureaucratic, old fashioned, not reliable, without clear perceived strategy. Sometimes stressful environment and lack of communication within the management. Tasks can be monotonous at times.. Stressful and too much competitive environment. Aggressive corporate culture. Lack of "human touch". In the past 2 years a steep decrease in the quality of the Leadership team and culture.. Bad salary
0 professional growth
0 technical growth
0 salary growth
Awful management
Liar HR
Extremely competitive colleagues
Ridiculous laptop to work with
Newcomers always earn more than you
Do you really need anything else?. High plans (sometimes not achievable). IT systems problems are too many and compensation is not very high - bonus are disappointing. Italian management, in general, is inconsistent and unreliable and the domestic Italian business appears to still be a mess (systems, processes, workflows and overstaffing). If you do your master while working here might be very time consuming in light of the 10 hours per day required. But for full time job the work life blalance is very god.. some office politics,  clash of different cultures. We need to speak italian to integrate, the rhythm of work is very slow.. No career advancement in the U.S.. old processes,  lack of team buildings. no trainings, low salaries, not so many perspectives. Carrer change is not always very easy. A lot of overtime hours, not so high salaries. Few career opportunities, slow growth. Pay is sub market. Some questionable decisions in regards to pay and people retention - the goals are valid and well communicated, but questionable how to achieve them when people are leaving due to not being paid.. Big organization which manages complex matters. Income is not very big. Process management could be perhaps more effective sometimes.. banking though is a bit boring. Not open minded, no innovation. A lot of improvement in the technology and tools that they are using but investment is needed. Mobbing, nepotism, unfair performance reviews, unreasonable expectations on employees (like working 12 hours a day and never go on paid leave.. or any leave really), no salary range for any role (you could easily find leads who earn less than people on the graduate program), horrible office appliances (old chair, fixed desks, budget PCs).
The place is a shark tank, be ready to bite. The payment is not as high as expected. Low tier bank, bad HR. Benefits and compensations are lower than average, highly qualified personnal is not appreciated sometimes.. Difficult to grow inside the company: at the moment, after the 6 months period, before get a full time position in the area you would like to work for, you have to work 2 years in the contact center. Didn't get the full time offer. Old business model, unforgivable for an IT company, careers not well defined and polically driven instead of merit driven. Small opportunities of growth for strong technical profiles. Low salaries. A lot of overtime that does not get payed.. A lot of people are getting hired with different job specs compared to the actual work that they will be doing. There's a very high micro management : every day off needs 3 approvals with some forced to give up days at the end of the year. Since I started I've never had one catch up with my manager, there aren't team building initiatives and this reflects the poor communication and conflicts between colleagues. There's no budget for training which means that no one cares about your career progression. Many other banks offer flexible working but here only managers are allowed to work from home.. The people are not organized and dont work together towards a common goal. Hierarchy is high as traditional German bank.. no direct contact to client. I don't have any downside to underline. a bit too "stiff" and bureaucratic , and "slow". not enough meritocracy, perhaps too many "dinosaurs". now top management is trying to shrink and "put on diet" the whole bank, so there is high attention to costs and for the first time work places are at risk.. No Career Advancement / Personal development. Heavy internal politics which can derail peojects. Not enough feedback from management. The working hours are long. overtime working, no bad sides anymore.. Very low salary, especially if you are not hired in the capital. High pressure to meet targets.. Managers, salary, difficulty in communication with HR, inequality of chances.. Problems with something new at all. Not very focused on priorities, overtime work is usual. Zero investment in training, hardware or software. IT frowned upon and a pure cost center.. No meritocracy at all here. - ZERO MERITOCRACRY. Go ahead only the ones who are good on chatting, meeting people, doing stuffs. "THE BUSINESS". The more you will work bad, the more you will boost your career.
- Low salaries, mostly based on negotiation abilities during hiring phase, and not at all on real employee worths.
- Terrible HR policies. Each HR Business Partner is a figure whose main task is keeping costs as low as possible staff, at any cost.
- No transparency. If you are a junior who is going to be hired, likely you will be going to do something of totally different Compared to what has been discussed During interview phase.. Not very competitive environment
After some months of experience as an intern, you do not have much new tasks to learn. salary obviously too low for  a full time job, even if an internship. no progress in career, troubled industry. high pressure to meet targets, lack of HO support on some aspects of work. Complex organisation, slow decision making, processes and procedures. Slow career growth, unless you try really hard, may be stuck on one position for ages. Too much red tapes to deal with, a lot of effort must be spent in managing social relations. Some old fashioned Italian mentality seeps through day-to-day activities. Interns not hired very often as externals but internals are given preference.. Group strategy is still unclear. Scarce career opportunities, scarce attention from human resources for talents. Good environment full of young people. Work under pressure and non-ethic relationships between Managers and the mid-level employees.. Italian job culture with limited sensibility to other countries' culture, nepotism. Pay, lack of mobility and career opportunities, lack of same benefits enjoyed by colleagues in other offices. 1 . Old technologies
2 . Not the most correct evaluation process
3 . Don.t have a carrer plan
4 . You are hired for one thing and many times you are doing many other thing you shouldn.t
5. Cannot develop new skills. It's not a Tech Company, not suppose to go to work for an innovator or a pioneer!
Full of manager without managerial skills! 
Not easy to work with foreigners colleagues, you need to understand different working approaches.. Unfortunately that are not using the latest technologies, the highest version of java used is 6.. Too much office politics, the general crisis of the banking sector carries a risk of redundancies. The company is concentrating on the core activities, selling off subsidiaries.
CEO changed recently.. i don't have any yet.. A lot of processes redundancies, no job descriptions for staff, senior Italian staff paid very high, work very less, poor English abilities for Italian staff, lot of meetings with lot of power points presentations, less implementations, too many talks, less facts (difficult to adapt when you come for a culture based on more facts and less talks). too big to be managed. the age avarage is above the market. Industry, restructuring outlook, redundancies, confusion. No career progression 
No Promotion. Sometimes you don't have anything to do, working with old technologies like java 5-6, struts, xsl, custom 90's framework. Hard working is not really appreciated, not a competitive job. Not so many promotion possibilities for developers.. I did not encounter any negative parts of my work till now.. "I just want to get over with my 8h, I do not really care about the company whatsoever"  - type of culture. International environment 
I find it difficult wright now to express twenty cons words. Lack of focused training, you have to learn a lot on your own. Long, slow & ineffective processes. Lack of orgsnization / leadership. Small in the US and bank as a whole is suffering. low opportunities for the medium term. Maybe salaries could be better. Project activities outsourced , 
support task gets little boring after some time. None except the following... sometimes the environment can take a toll on you as decisions are taken through several layers. Cost saving, cost saving, cost saving, cost savings
To much bureacraism 
No good opportunity to make career (without the right passbord). wage management location future perspective. Italian management-no comment, horible retail bank strategy. Conservative, organisational and ownership structure incredibly complex, lots of people not businessminded. Salary are stopped. Difficult to get promoted or find managerial positions. Seems like the bank will reduce the career opportunities in the future.. low and difficult processes, low salary. Lack of cross-divisional communication.
Interns are not fully exploited. Too much is left to individual proactivity.
People intereseted in a career at Unicredit should look for more qualified positions than internships.. No career advancement. Real salary increases do not occur due to poor performance of the company. Management does not manage and likes to avoid issues. Actions do not match words.. there were no possibilities for hiring. Few promotion possibilities, few challenges, the company is production oriented as a service provider. Routine. A combination of too much standardization and a lack of it.. not very good management. should give more value to your people. - not to many seniors. The tasks assigned are not so challenging despite the high quality required. Not enough exposure to top management in presenting own works.. -> there are projects with old technologies and it is possible to do a lot of excel reports. -old technologies
-old project
-bad management
-majority of the department employees with little or no experience
-almost no project training. -non-flexible managers
-they are not asking if you want to be moved to other department. Rather high average age in consideration of the Italian job market constraints in recent years. Frequent unpaid overtime needs.. Way to many managers 
Lack of communication between managers and other employees
Lack of salary increases (Based on budget and managers decision). Everything was great, highly recommended. Limited opportunities, lack of communication between desks. There are no 'cons' to working at UniCredit. lengthy technology adoption and reniewal processes. Old environment. Archaic and political structure
Needs alot of alignment. hard to advance, low salaries and bonuses compared to market, lack of a strong organizational culture. No growth. So much of politics involved. Even managers do not have much in their hand. Everything is driven from Top hierarchy and the management is simply really bad.. Minimal trainings, lack of organising. Management clueless, no team spirit, difficult people.. Not axed to develop new activities. Daily tasks are quite repetitive. Nothing to report for that company. Bad payment in bank in general, Need to review salary policy. Big bank, small room for bottom up innovation. Incentives assigned after first quarter. Many organizational changes recently. Career path and salary distribution not clear.. Working overtime without getting paid. Bad organisation inside the office, due to incompetence of coworkers and bad organisation skills of manager. Bad team combination, and too much competition between coworkers due to plans that are set in front of sellers.. When it comes to decision making the time-to-market ratio is very slow, senior management is “too senior” and most of the key positions are covered by people who are with the lender since forever, that makes it at times a very political environment where social skills pay off more than professional capabilities. When it come to finding your career path you need to take care yourself being fully accountable and invest a lot of resources, I guess it is true everywhere else, but especially at UniCredit.. Merger with another bank in Ukraine made lots of staff look for another positions with another banks. Nevertheless it was the best experience where I had deals with international clients and such experience enhanced  my knowledge in iternational legislation and made me a proficient employee within even the first months of work. Works is constant under enormous presser, compensation isn't fair enough, vacation & days off might be under review. Departments are often in competition than cooperating. Chaotic management, heavy bureaucracy, fluidity of management. highly bureaucratic work environment with a multitude of procedures to be followed . project management tools cumbersome and slow .. the building is pretty dark at the new location, always watch your back, expect that you have to wait much for others to be able to complete your tasks. Bureaucracy, no personal growth, static company. low salary, bureaucratic and slow  procedures. certain managers are doubtful, huge work overload, almost no work-life balance, but again not in all departments.. Cost cutting and restructuring so not a lot of new hiring. Low growth opportunity, shrinking business. No useful guidance and information gathered.. very slow advancement when compared to other international banks, a lot of office politics. altough a big italian bank with significant presence abroad there it is  not so international in terms of people (do not expect many foreigners). Thought me that working in a bank s not my dream job. No real chance of development and the income is not really correlated with the work &  experience. Doesn't offer an environment for great professional growth, newly employed colleagues are not motivated enough to remain in the company.. bad management, sometimes big pressure. Boring, neither colleagues nor supervisor dont really care about you, you are not a real member of the team as an intern. the company is called now UBIS
You are basically a second class citizen. You will be harassed by they business users who will claim a sort of mystic superiority towards IT employess and threat you without resperct from day one
Bullism is tollerated by UBIS management and basically you will be intimdated and find trapped yourself doing monkey job. 
Nothing to learn and strong blaming culture.All the core projects are run by contractors so basically the permanent employees do only sort of PA jobs for them
The Italian management don't care a lot and delegate the dirty job to a bunch of micromanager who act as sort of gestapo. (I think this come from the fascist culture)
It is hilarious listening the Italian managers when they visit the London office and they barely speak English
The company will be eventually sold off to some big vendor

 AVOID THIS COMPANY IF YOU WORK AS PERMANENT. Not much projects. You can get forgotten and not work for almost 1 year. A colleague had this experience.. I cannot see big cons. Comparison with US investment banks sees much lower bonuses but much higher job safety.. Old fashioned building, lack of training. continued cost cutting
mainly junior and senior staff (the bank has a problem at mid-level positions)
double structures
frictions between entities of different countries. long working hours, low number of employees. Some of the workflows went really slowly taking into account the various cultural aspects of the subsidiaries in different countries (eg. new website development). Sometime decision making was too political.. Just a little better organization will help a lot.. I dont think we can say that my job has negative parts. Very stressful workdays, corporate structure. I did not come cons to be the honest though.. Bad place to work, no respect, no value for people.. slightly discriminative towards italians, basically the HR drives the whole company, good connections to top level Italian managers vital to get opportunities - only to speak italian is not enough!. bad management
disorganized
no power of decision at all
core working hours. lower salary then most competitors. Low salaries, bad environment, no budget for trainings & team events.. Hard to maintain future opportunities. Career steps, Low interaction with clients, limited international experience, salary. Poor Back office support which creates back log in the process.This issue slows workflow and draw down productivity as well.. Lack of internal agility as a company, comes with size. Sometimes too strict hierarchical rules do not stimulate cross-department collaboration.. limited career growth opportunities in the long term. too burocracy, management does not take into consideration the team projects. and there is no clear responsability  split among different teams. young people are considered less than nothing. Very scarce incentive for talented employers in term of salary reviews and structured career. Strict policies, difficult career growth. compensation is on the lower end. No career advancing opportunities, even if there are lots of programs for further education of young employees. Very hard to go up if you start working as a junior there. Many times they just pick an external consultant to be the new CEO. horrible work/life balance, absolutely no planning of workload, inexperienced management, many coworkers have terrible communication skills. promotion possibilities, speed of change, IT. Compensation and benefits could be better. Senior management, hard to find people to hangout.. - The provided compensation is not competitive. lack of employee motivation, nothing similar to social protection, you have to work more than 8 hours to do job well (overtimes not paid). you have to work a lot in particular after work you have a lot of things to do. the group is only present in europe and not in other continent. Work/life balance is lacking
Low salaries. Leaders, especially in Head Office, which are all "above you" if you are in the country, which are all "more smarter than you", and "more powerfull" than you. You must shut up and execute. Only that.. Limited advancement possibility. Always in cost cutting mode (cheap). - Limited career progression without lateralling
- Bureacracy
- Lots of demotivated coworkers. The most of Management gives priority to their private interest. Overload sometimes, too many changes in the reporting requirements, IT system and work automation level. Perspectives sometimes can seem limited. Processes introduced without consulting with users, Italian culture - Italian top management without diversity. lack of proper organization and misleading plans. Sometime it's difficult to find unique solutions group wide due to international complexity and different thought, but anyway it is one othe reason for which it's really stimulating yourself. Career Opportunities
Tasks
Complexity
Coordination with other Units
No empowerment. missing strategy, ad hoc decisions. Target pressure, balance between professional and personal life, but probably this happens when you work in this environment.Over all , good employer.. not so Many chances for carreer. possiblity to be hired directly. Sometimes difficult to manage bureacracy.. Long working hours like any other financial institution.. Some bureaucracy, but its manageable.. People helping the other only if is a must or need to do it. Once out of the organisation they forget you and avoid.. Poor entry salaries, routine job most of the time.. Very competitive environment, people and colleagues not so helpful. Low advancement opportunities. Poor pay. A lot of tools and programs. No real cons to speak of, perhaps the only thing would be that the salaries lag a little other firms in the sector. Cost cutting, foggy perspective, low commuticaton about expectation and targets. Instances of poor middle management tolerated both by employees and top management. a lack of desire to for for this company in the nearest future. Political
Bureaucracy
Complexity – getting anything done requires sign off from 5 – 10 departments. slow to implementing the changes. Inefficient processes
You cannot trust top-management decisions (as they might change the following day)
Poorly defined roles, many responsibilities are unassigned,
Not motivating environment, many idling days
No real career opportunities
You are one of many feeling (yeah, its a multinational company)
Old project management methods (agile is not even considered). no professional challenges, old technologies. Level of salaries is below market. bureacracy, slow decision making processes, nepotism. If you don't work in Milan it will be necessary frequent visits to to the city.
Too much politics on every decision.
Project based management often lack sustainable long term analysis about products.
Technical jobs are really not valued enough, though
The managerial chain is definitely too long
Expectation that innovation can be bought from the market or created through consultancy. Research sometimes surprisingly superficial. In one case growth rates for a country were "estimated" by downloading the IMF numbers and simply adjusting them to make them look coherent with related data. Not a very scientific method. managing turnover, benefits are under market standards. Nice people, great food, nice building, good salary, good training. Nice people, great food, nice building, good salary, good training.. Not much growth opportunities for upper level. I was satisfied there, no cons. Don't focus too much on interns. no focus on people. No work life balance. No high-level view from the top management. Salaries are not very high compared to other banks. The bank does not offer not many career opportunities. Career advancement can be difficult.. personal growth, training, poor mobility. Too many to mention but above all very bad management. Generally, the situation in my area is confused. There appears not to be a very clear strategy, and duplications in the organizational structure as well as ambiguity in the roles and responsibilities are the norm. This generates a lot of unnecessary stress and room for people to evade commitment and ignore deadlines.. Especially outside business related areas, you gotta be connected to get the minimum level of visibility and have a career. This does not apply to Legal, Risk and few other functions.. Moderate sallaries, reluctancy to promote younger employees. flat learing curve, bad governance, no performance based salary, sit - get old - recieve small salaray advances - get frustrated, bad reputation, no exit opportunities, people try to keep you small, many young frustrated peers, no perspective,. some people have the ease to say I don't know and I can't do that, while other people are doing everything - loosing balance between work and life, always in a hurry to do too many tasks. - Internal job market does not really work. Positions are created ad hoc for already selected candidates. Only a few are really open to everyone. 
- Not very meritocratic environment. Follows the old habits of assigning roles to friends rather than best performers. 
- Little transparency
- Old dinosaurs give little space to new entrants and young motivated professionals 
- salaries low. prefer UK or Switzerland. - the biggest problems: almost no leadership skills on any level!!
- a lot of fake friendliness, everybody's looking only on his own career
- very bad incentives to change this behaviour – it's sink or swim
- long term dependence (people stay only because they don't want to go to Frankfurt after living in Munich for a couple of years)
- diversity, if any, only on the paper, people with 200k/year would call colleagues behind their back f****t (a very insulting word for gay people) in front of the whole division and no one would care
- incapable recruiting department (unable to attract good people, frustrated applicants). You end up doing the same things for years. No real career growth possible. There are too many cobs as: Meritocracy and  carrier path. Poor top management vision. Needs to refresh a lot of management.. No career opportunity due to constant downsizing. Well, it seems that employees are the last group of interests among all their stakeholders. The Senior Management Staff put a lot of attention to costs cutting projects, polices and in consequence a service quality suffers a lot.. - some projects are taken ahead for months before suddenly dying 
- crazy people worked here in the past who set up transactions which make no economic sense and you may happen to be restructuring one if you are unlucky 
- pay in line with results, so do not expect big money
- no cafeteria, need to go to expensive places to grab lunch
- things that should be secret are public knowledge
- things that should be known to employees are in fact unknown/uncertain/unconfirmed. Very bad management!!
Only those who can comply to irregular business reach the top.
Use of old tech. Not transparent to customer or employees. Management only concerned about own growth.. New York Branch must be allowed to become a center of excellence. The lack of travel to Munich and Milan is stopping valuable intellectual transfer. Not best place from financial point of view. Neverending long hours.. overtime work in order to fulfill ones tasks. too big, not flexible, management afraid of being surpassed by the employees with true potential, career development progmrams phony. Only summer job, so no space for any projects or more experience. you work a lot, times are exhausting sometimes ends late in the evening and in the worst times there goes the work at home, there is a lot of competition between colleagues. The level of salary for middle managers. not the best place for advancement. Sometimes the procedures were not efficient. Standardised and complex environment,, less innovation. Everything you could possible image. As a small bank which has experienced reduction in recent times, morale is down.  There is a lot of work to be done and sometimes it appears that more employees are needed.  The New York branch is often left behind, there is not even a dedicated section on the website that highlights New York's services.. Not very well organized from the development flow point of view
Need a better ticketing application
Quite far away from the city centre. very stressful, always there is one missing FTE for which you must work until they find replacement,. Not challenging, like most of the companies in Italy nowadays. Personally I'd like to be a little more under pressure.. - Low salary in Italy. No warehause of database at all.. Not so much open positions: hard to move from one to another departments.. Very small salary, half of a salary that is earned by a colleague that works on the same possion but in Bucharest.. high pressure, high targets, rather high people turnover, frequent management and organisational changes corporale side. Fragmented Job tasks. Underemployed for my current resume... Little interaction with regional offices. Bureaucracy.This year, the management decided to outsource the IT Operations. Probably, later other areas will be impacted too.. you can do overtime working (usually). Senior management doesn't care
Bad communication about significant decision from senior management
A lot of bureaucracy
Strange corporate culture. Sometimes the work gets too burocratic, but it's ok, it is necessary to see both the administrative and the operative work. The foresight has its downsides, as it can lead to being at the early end of cut backs.  But better to be out ahead of a wave of negative news than on the back end of it.. Performing several works at once does give you a lot of experience, but you cant become specialised in any area of expertise (you can not be as good as you could be). The consequence of "multi task" work  is also that it is hard to stay organised nad hard to achieve expected results.. salaries are not competitive. very slow decision making. More attention should be paid to assessing the real contribution of each one, because the high results are achieved by the efforts of all employees, even in time of crisis.. low salaries, in some teams problems with leadership. The values are often just waved in front of people, not really followed and respected. Low level of leadership for middle management. Some times politics are important, high degree of centralisation, bureaucracy. everthing else basicaly, horizontal and vertical comunucation and management are a joke... Too many changes too often. For some it is good and well received but for the mass is it a feeling of confusion. More communication from the group would be well received by the countries.. Management creates a lot of noise
A lot of restructurings in the last years. Much too young (and for that reason, foolish) colleagues.. No real chance to grow. Too many people doing the same jobs. it doesn't involve enough in comunity activities. Unfortunately, low salaries make the most talented people leave UniCredit and an international experience brought by  Italian expatriates mainly do not work in Ukraine.. HR treatment not the best and HR communication skills not present.. poor salary combined with extensive work hours. Compensation is low
No respect
No growth
It systems are old. Not the best place to work given the unfriendly environment. Lack of opportunity to develop. Management seems to change direction as the wind blows... and the wind is still quite strong in Europe. Divisional leadership changes occur just as often.. not the best benefits for workers among the banks, one can get any benefits only after one year of working. - salary not commisured to responsibility ans workload
- worst worklife balance. I don't see any major concerns ; however the only thing that comes into my mind is that colleagues are not so friendly to each other. focus on tactic rather than strategic approach, cost politics coherency. Lack of corporate culture and sustainability. boring. people are not motivated. Too much central decisions in Italy without knowlege of local needs. low level of salary and low possibility to grow, different carrier "speed" between the italian company and the foreign companies. extremely low paid, hr are inadequate and poorly organized
limited exposure to market knowledge and support, all repeating daily task. The salary is not the one of London, there is often no real sharing of information within the bank I would say.. Too big, it is really hard to get at the top. Long working hours
No time off
Low career development potential
Virtually no training. Weak management and leadership
Weak HR policies. The externalization measures are discriminatory  for the department that is outsourced, regarding salaries and benefits, possibilities of promotions.
The promotions are not fully controlled by HR department, but by the direct manager, and because of this some unskilled people have the benefits of a better function.. Not a top tier in investment banking
Several areas of inefficiency but improving
Compensation at the medium-low end of the market. small firm  in Investment Banking. low salary comparing with the market. - there is almost no respect shown towards staff from a disqualified management
- a conservative business model is built 
- there is little space for carrier development. Sometimes the workload is very big, you might have to spend some long nights after your regular working hours trying to finish an assignment.. Chaos in all aspects
Overloaded with work
Unfair. Very bureaucratic firm, limited career advancements  due to the importance given to seniority rather than meritocracy, people were not very motivated.. More and more controlled from Italy
Italians don´t understand corporate business (Unicredit is a retail bank)
More and more benefits are cut. no career advancements possible, too many redundancies. very confusion, not learning anything new.. There is no recognition for the work done. My boss doesn't want to create "competition" I guess. I'm getting put off of some projects after I've done considerable amount of work, just so I wouldn't be given opportunity to advance.. - Unbalanced workload, overtime and sometimes weekend work before deadlines
- Big, slow and elaborate company organization, constantly restructuring
- Sometimes they dont pay in time, and they don't care about this, they make excuses on inner rules and paperwork etc.
- Week knowledge management
- HR strategy is strange, they have some week emplyees and they don't change them. - Poor communication between management and employees
- Poor communication between coaches and lower employees
- The management style is still not too internationally minded 
- Workload and objectives are not always clearly communicated: while in part this is normal, there is for sure room for improvements.
- because of the above listed reasons, there is not an efficient evaluation of the strengths and weaknesses of the single employee...
- ...and by the way nobody seem to care too much about it 
- HR and IT services are a nightmare: prepared to pray everytime you will need something from them. You can lack sometimes a really relevant support.
- Potentially good career prospects, but quite uncertain: only apparently meritocratic, hiring processes are managed in a really bad way. The process can take a really long time, without bringing to nowhere. I had the sensation of something not to be managed in a really transparent way, for sure not well enough organised.. Too difficult to work on different projects and step up. Size can be sometimes a disadvantage, you have the feeling to go under in so much employees, not sure about the company's flexability to change department.... no sense of teams working together. Poor communication from senior management and opaque management structures esp in Italy.
Inability of different divisions to work together, esp in Ibanking between Germany and Italy
Technology not quite upto scratch. There is no team work, there is no clear vision of the company, whome to follow, poor organization and no care about employees. Sometimes it seems that the Munich location will be shut down. At least the headcount are more decreased than in other locations. HR is not organized and trustable.. too italian as work culture and team approach. It needs a wide knowledge to feel a worlwide company. Closed culture, very procedural, no team spirit. Japanese firm = lots of red tape. no cons at all so far. Low salary & less opportunities. Slow promotion, politics related. Should reward strong performers. Use of old software that don't transfer over as skills to other jobs
Bad management and communication from the higher ups
old traditional banking model with little to no innovation within the company. You have to adapt to the Typical Japanese company's culture.. Too much work and far from home. Very good customer service experience. A lot of manual intervention. Wish that the processes were more automated. - Bank processes can be very frustrating. too much work. IT from the early 2000s. Long hours, low range compensation. Pay and Advancement are far and few.. Salary is peanuts, not of average market value. Nothing I can think of. staff is limited, so you should be able to multitask and know the whole bank's procedure.. Boring job scope, less opportunity for learning. Management lacks transparency and is too conservative.. none none none none none. Nothing worth mentioning so far. Very conservative corporate culture, limited room for growth, long hours for some groups.. Nothing specific that comes to mind.. Department Management interaction with teams need to increase - Team Head views are biased and detrimental to individual team members career progression. Always report to London office so it is a little bit complicated.. Rigid system, inefficient and lots of paperwork. Very slow, redundant, no growth for young non japanese professionals. Timings. Boss, salary , night shift. double shifts are hacktic after all. No corns , nyc work done. Slow growth, average age of employees is greater than 45 I guess.. Long hours are pretty standard.. not too much progress to be given. No well-defined projects, technology not up to date, no willingness to license/purchase good products. Absolutely no growth opportunities even if you show outstanding achievements. Biased towards hiring younger generation.. The salary is too low. Minimal training.Low opportunities for career advancement.. Package not competitive enough
Promotion opportunities limited. Struggle to think about the cons..... - Slow Career growth
- Salary hikes. Old system
People quit a lot. Too many layers of approval only to get one thing done.. Compensation package has been dwindling and is behind competitors.. Process orientated, but making change. Too many processes that you spend a lot of time getting approval and on administrative work instead of actual value adding work.. flat salary between the same age demographic. - Low pay
- Lack of infrastructure
- Extremely bureaucratic 
- Culture is quite rigid
- No meal allowances (even for dinners!!)
- Working with Japanese clients can be frustrating. sometimes to anal to change processes. Face time was important prior to the pandemic. Seems it may be much less so going forward.. Poor immediate management and lots of politics. Japanese culture too strong, face time required if you are in a team headed by a japanese. No time management at all times. A very large institution but become better. Bad culture, toxic environment, lousy managers, women are treated differently. Prepare to work long hours. Salary increment can be improved. People who have been there for a long time are bitter.. Tight schedules, sometimes discriminative towards foreigners. Old-fashioned Japanese way to working, hierarchical, slow internal processes. Not good don't join it. - no work life balance here. japanese culture, no development opportunities,. career growth is very difficult especially if you are in operations. you may stay in the same role for 7years. Very domestic, Few female who are in an administrative post. Going thru various changes internally. HR poor.
Rigid processes.
Management have no authority to do anything.. Can be slow moving and risk averse.. Slow movement in change projects. cultural background of Japan country.. None that i can think of. Less flexibility in working style. Japanese Style work culture, low increment, standard promotion rate and low growth opportunities. Somewhat reluctant to embrace technological change. slower process and Slower career growth. Nothing much to say here. The gaps in communication between cultures. Rigid and difference in culture. Bureaucracy can get in the way of progress sometimes.. Some people likes only circle of people who doesn’t help the organization.. Few opportunities to grow depending on your department. Management and to many changes to quickly.. - Technology is lacking but there has been a significant improvement in the last months.. Conservative, risk-averse, limited scope for progression. Underpaid. The size of deals is small.. No downsides of working at the organization, just depends on the team. slow process to get things done.. Not challenging enough for younger employees. Japanese ex-pat culture continues to be a barrier for local hires to move up ahead in various areas around the bank, including senior management.. Locals are treated as second-class citizens. Advise to avoid.. Growth is less As compared to other. More focus on documentation and paperwork. Very long hours, too little staff, thrown to the wolfs.. Resistance to change, lack of growth and retention. tough working hours, hierarchical, old school. low salary, could be improved. - salary is 30% below market 
- very serious integrity and trust issues amongst the management
- strong workplace harassments (typical Japanese culture)
- no career progression
- all approvals requires physical stamping of the request forms by at least 6 people (you need to go to the different departments on different levels to obtain the approval)
- benefits equivalent to manufacturing company
- fresh degree graduates' starting pay at $2800 as officer
- very steep hierarchy where non Japapanes will probably reach JGM max and co-lead with another Japanese JGM: 14 ranks - AM (officer)- AM (Assistant Manager) - AVP (Deputy Manager) - VP (Deputy Manager) - VP (Manager) - FVP - SVP - DGM - JGM- GM - SGM - Director - MD - SMD. Slow promotion process, large cultural gap between colleagues. strict rules but it is okay. Promotion based on seniority level. Perhaps is not the best paying Bank in the market.. Hectic work and Not flexible shifting. lacks depth in international presence. Salary and career opportunity is not too high. Pay is Low
Benefits are not as good.. Inefficient, slow, procedure-oriented, reporting heavy. Systems and process are complex. There is a lot of turnover. HR asks why and how they can retain high quality talent for longer durations. The reality is upper management is pressured to make constant changes and there is excessive turnover and hiring. Your experience will vary greatly depending on the team you are a part of here. Many times higher management will be forced to protect themselves and throw others under the bus to do so. Below industry standards from a salary perspective.. Many works to handle daily. It really didn’t have any cons.. Expect to do more then your own job with minimal help and high expectations.. systems are old fashioned and culture may take time for approval. Not understanding management, not supportive in helping people resolve issue. I truly don’t know where to begin. I left the big 5 Investment Management firms to take a role in the KYC space for Capital Markets. Biggest mistake I ever made. Our manager he was a nightmare. Turnover is very high. He berated the team leads who worked for him and his staff was too timid to speak up. He singlehandedly bad mouthed each team lead (there have been many) to staff members. I finally left the organization but something needed to be done to prevent his behavior.  It could be a nice place to work if management looks at the director levels and the VP’s. Processes are manual. Heavy documentation resulting in slow approvals.. Career progression can be limited depending on the department. different treatment btw locally hired and expats from japan.
not much of salary increase.. Lots of paperwork, Japanese risk culture.. A lot of processes before approval. It is very good for us.. Old age organisation in terms of Technically advance culture.
Too much manual and repetitive work
No work life balance (operations department)
Management says directly that no point raising issues
No comp offs for working on leave days
Operations has no say or respect among other departments 
They just say to leave on time but make you sit till late loaded with work
Don’t trust there on softwares and Local employee. As non japanese employee difficult to reach certain career level. Pressure Management bad Time Lag. More automation of procedures recommended. Work life balance non existent. Old Japanese corporate culture still strong even though they are trying to change.. Management is sometimes slow moving and overly cautious. Manual operation and traditional operation. Effort is relative slow.
Salary is not competitive.. double standard between Japanese and locals. Location and Culture not so great. Also, senior staff not supportive of new talent and ideas.. Lot of politics, lot of paper work and manual work,slow growth, no work life balance. Pay can be slow to accumulate. Work life balance is still an issue.. reluctant to change during a challenging environment. Very Japanese (working culture, work requirement, very long working hours) & lack of opportunity to transfer to other departments. They claim they are hiring people to bring new ideas to streamline their process but don’t be fooled. They want robots. If you are a “yes” person to middle management, who shows no initiative, then this is the place for you. The people that have been there for 15 or more years are completely against having the new guy/gal change anything. In all honesty I believe upper management really does want new ideas but middle management & longer termed employees are what is hurting them. While there is value in keeping the “old timers” for their knowledge, the downside is they are against any change. The way they have been doing things is the way it has to stay & no new employee is going to tell them what to do. They said more than once “you need to conform to me, not the other way around”. I guess the message that new employees were hired to update processes wasn’t passed along to them.
While loyalty is a great quality don’t expect that loyalty to be extended to you. That is only for long termers or those having improper relationships. There is blatant preferential treatment by department/group managers given to those that have been there & have that long-term relationship. Veteran employees are abusive and have no people management skills (even though they are not managers) but are promoted to higher positions since their salaries, after being there so long, put them in a higher bracket & they kind of have to promote. Deserving or not. Many of them would never make it in another company. They’ve worked in a bubble for so long they would never be able to adjust. Managers (Dept. & Group Mgrs.) will not have your back & neither will your co-workers. They will put a knife in your back to save themselves & get promoted. I have seen other reviews where they have said they spy on you & report back. It is true. They know who you are friendly with in other departments & some of them may be the very people reporting back. It wouldn’t surprise me if they were listening to your phone calls since they already peruse your e-mails.
Discrimination is also very prevalent. It is not just Asians as I’ve seen in other reviews. It depends on what ethnicity the majority of your group is.
Training is not very thorough. The “old timers” don’t want to see you do well. You are a threat to them. They will leave small but important facts out & wait until it becomes an issue, then tell you. Don’t expect to hear “good job”. Do expect to be publicly scolded, criticized and embarrassed for every little mistake by your co-workers while managers sit by & take the side of the old timers. Their own mistakes are covered up & kept quiet about. If you are not one of their pets you will not get the benefit of being developed for advancement. Middle managers easily take the word of long-time employees without actually basing a decision on hearing all sides. They are extremely biased. If an employee constantly complains about another one, justified or not, they will come up with lies to push you out the door. While I’m grateful I was never on the receiving end of these attacks I observed them & felt bad for those that were. I was helpless to make managers understand how wrong it was to treat people so horribly. Managers, who do not know how to manage people. They are managers in name only for the reasons stated 2 paragraphs up. They think sitting there telling reports what task do is people managing.
Be very clear of what the position is that you are interviewing. Ask questions. They will beat around the bush & will mislead you. If you aren’t given a straight answer after multiple follow up questions & they seem to be carefully speaking their words, then they are hiding something.. Too many smart people, intimidating for freshers. The Singapore branch is divided into two parts - locals and Japanese. In general, communication between the two groups is hardly effective. You may experience quite a lot tension and resistence because of that.. Can have a tad too much internal reporting at times. Very hierarchical, and old school traditional with seniors and managers being prioritised. Limited growth opportunities. No wfh before covid-19.. Nice and good place to working on. Very traditional Japanese companies where all the decisions are made mainly by the expats and the HQ.. - no flexible benefits So far. Outdated systems, need to join the 21st century. Did not find any Cons. Very little room for promotional opportunities.. Senior management confused. Need to define what exactly the objectives.. slow promotion and the working culture is not engaging. uneducated local employees who can’t even spell big words. Antisocial/Work driven Culture, pay isn’t as good as big 4 banks and it can be a bit of who you know instead of what you know.. Work long hours. A lot of projects.. - Stamping is not environmental friendly as it prevents paperless workflow. Hopefully there is revolution on this during/after WFH period.

- Most of decisions are still refered to HO in Tokyo. Localisation is improving bit by bit.

- You can find office politic here and there.. Work long long hours. Need to be self starter in here.. Sometime it is difficult to communicate with Japanese. Not everyone can adapt to Japanese culture. However, Japanese people are very considerate to local culture. At least in my department.. Most US local hire svps, directors, and GMs have absolutely no leadership experience, people skills, or training on how to actually lead and manage staff. (They actually cancelled their Executive MBA program too.) C-level staff from Japan rotate in and out every 2 years. The result is pretty obvious. Other items of issue: Lotus Notes and an open seating plan.. Nothing in mind. Most are okay.. - New employees may not be adapted to the culture.. Conservative environment, long working hours.. Some office politics. Need investment in tech but I am seeing efforts to improve.. Tired, no promotions at all. - Management likes to do the bare minimum. Ideas to do more and improve get shot down.
- Technology from the 90's
- Completely random and delayed promotion schedule and title structure. You can be stuck at Analyst for 5 years and Associate for 10.
- Limited room for growth. Small company means limited Manager positions.
- Limited room for growth = lack of motivation. Some remnants of bureaucratic structure affecting speed.. Japanese culture is not for everyone. Traditional japanese working culture. Lots of unnecessary meetings.. Pay , work life balance. Japanese bank with all of bureaucracy.. tedious stamping requirements. slow processing speed.. Its just that there are... Bad luck if you become the few that actually work hard. salary, procedure, hard to change anything. High volume 
Work late
No career advancement. Need more investment in training. More investment in technology is important to remain competitive. - Long Hours where managers pretend to work
- Weird Japanese hierarchy where male Keio\Todai grads outrank Harvard\Stanford female employees
- Below standard comp, new grads associates at other firms make way more on average, interns at FAANGs do well
- Not allowed to work from home during Covid-19 pandemic
- My boss does not listen to HR, nor does he wash his hands after using the restroom even when I call him out in the bathroom.
- Management is not want to adhere local laws in regards to parental leave
- Midtown office keeps having bedbugs, and employees are not compensated when their homes have an outbreak. Low salary for entry level staff,Repetitive work, little to no training provided, no career progression. Pays below street 
Takes no risk - Only IG. None to remember as such. Long hours to work during week. No appreciation no matter how hard you work and how good you do your job
Overtime hours and working during weekends
Complete insanity within the internal process
Working with people who have no idea about their jobs
Culturally very toxic and everyone is spying on everyone 
You can’t trust anyone and have to watch your back
Managers are awful especially during a bonus season, will do anything to discredit your hard work
Extreme drama, lies, games, politics
The sad part is if you go to HR, they are telling you it is the same in HR department. Corporate culture is toxic, bureaucracy and feudal mindset impedes collaboration. Processes are archaic and create a significant bottleneck. Not a pro-deal bank.  Technology is 10 years behind, still using lotus notes, and just recently adopting new Windows OS, and MS outlook. Nothing works.. Lower street pay than the other BB banks. System is outdated and boring HR team who does nothing to improve the company’s culture. Management dominated by ex-pats so opportunities limited.. Not easy to get things done. - Poor career progression
- Overly bureaucratic. - pay below market competitors
- hard to progress
-Japanese culture; slow to change, lots of paperwork, too many processes. Work pretty late every night to clear the workload. No work life balance, Too much stress. Their are no any cons. Career progression unstable, good employees don’t really get rewarded.. Promotion system unclear,  internal system,  nepotism. Nothing to say about the Cons.Just one word to say about that, it is lagging in Project managament.. An extremely hierarchical, slow moving bank  with late 90's technology.  

There is little scope for independent decision making, and they are very risk adverse.. No set track for promotions, it is done on a whim. Employees that work for me with or with me with less experience come to the firm with same title and/or higher salaries.. Some systems are outdated and result in a lot of manual processes. Glass ceiling - Japanese merits are definitely there. Bureaucratic, limited career development. Learning plateau off around a year or two unless management can give you new job scope/responsibilities. Very manual work processes. Some people might not be able to adjust to the Japanese culture, which is hierarchical and many layers of reporting lines, including internal politics. Salary is lower than market rate. Work gets boring and repetitive.. Horrible structure. Management does not take time develop employees.. Lack of people management that can demotivate employee. the approval process was very long and patient taking. Poor system Integration.
Poor family orientated benefits. Conservative pay with little benefits. extremely disorganized, need to do a better job with that.. 2nd class citizen compared to the Japanese staffs. slow adoption for projects. Slow to adopt change that will take the business forward. Too many incompetent colleagues  who take up headcount and increasing your own workload. Very high work pressure. Difficult in taking leaves. No shift in job role.. all decision referred to HQ. Cultural barriers, red tape and duplication of functions within the bank. very function. Gets booring fast. limited promotion for new potions. Corporate culture and japanese culture are one and the same. Limited upward mobility once hired so make sure you get what you asked for upfront.. Lots of overtimes and  follows Japanese cultural. too look into details as this is Japanese compines. a lot of paper work. not much to complain about. There is no cons in this company.. favoritism  from mid Mgmt level. Mobility opportunities are limited due to the size of the firm. Working culture 
Old age processes and practices 
Too much manual work
Zero trust in technology. Unfortunately you have to be Japanese to get promoted.. Below market pay and poor progression. Zero risk appetite and very slow implementation.. Conflicting strategy between head office and local branch. May be slow to catch up with latest technology or buzzwords.. not good benefits, not enough space for work, low salary.... HR is the killer of this firm; 
external candidates- recruiters only care about the candidates who were referred from the their preferred staffing companies, sorry I can’t name the staffing firm but good luck to your research.
internal candidates- you have to speak with the designated HR parter before applying any new job; however, most of the HR partners are at directors level, they aren’t willing to and have least patient with helping anyone who is under them.. So much training to do at the start of the job
Takes a long time to receive access to things you need. Being a japanese bank means alot of things/rules/regulations follow Japan HQ
Slow to change and generally quite outdated in the way they do things
Needs to improve their technology and overuse of human manpower to do things.. Difficult to grow if you are non-japanese employee. no work life balance,  bureaucratic and very traditional working environment, slow system which drag the whole efficiency. Many procedure, conservative people, low standard. Top down inefficiency, slow process, administratively cumbersome. Small, not much room for staff development, location is not good. Work life balance is horrible because they are badly understaffed.  While some areas are well run, others have purely awful management.  Loyalty to some, especially expats, and often the mediocre, not to others.  Some big bosses have undue influence.  Nothing happens if Tokyo doesn't want it to - managers in the US always wait for Tokyo to tell them what to do.  Some areas are way behind the industry as a whole.  IT depends on major software that is as much as 10 years out of date.  Businesses act as silos, more competing with each other then cooperating.   Processes automated at other firms are still done on paper.  Talent is regularly wasted, just like money.  It's a dead end for so many good people.  And once a year they do a nearly complete but messed up reorg, losing lots of good people in the process.  Admin, compliance are horrible.. You will go no where.  This company is run from Japan and brings along all the associated baggage along with it,    Crappy salary bands, bureaucracy at all levels, and people can spend 20 years there without a promotion.  NY is a playground for expats and they sure take advantage of it,. below average pay
Japanese bureaucracy can be stifling
lots of long, cumbersome internal processes. None that come to mind. No clear job descriptions, KPIs are not match duty and responsibilities. Some Local Hired Staffs do not work but they spend almost whole day to play internet, online shopping. Those staffs are good at talking with Japanese boss and let other diligent staffs works their tasks. Some staffs always go out to visit customers for 10 mins and spend 2 hours sitting in the cafe and take a rest or do some personal matters. Some cheating staffs copy and translate Japanese call reports and write in English language as your own report but Japaneses do not aware of this.. Mediocre leadership. Low level leadership training.. Hierarchy - every 2 - 3 years promotion
Manual operation. Redundant work and over manual work. Below mrkt comp, Culture, Useless HR, Japanese Mgmt looking out for their own. Slow progression opportunities, very different to an American / European institution. Processes can be rather traditional, occasional duplication of duties. I can’t remember any true cons but sometimes there would be a language barrier. Since I was the first person anyone spoke to I had to listen very closely because I didn’t just deal with the Japanese. I also dealt with people from all around the world. I did not want to leave The Sumitomo Bank but I got married while working there and my husband was transferred out of state. Otherwise, I would have continued to work there.. Pay is too low. Way below market average. There are many steps to be taken in efficient ways.
Very strict office policy like an old school. Commute can be far, if you are relocated to over two hours from your home.. slow promotion
old school management
reluctant to fire non-performing employees and those employees get promoted at same speed as hard working fellows.. Local operation should not solely listen to the head office. Certain views held by the management are not in line with the market.. Senior management very slow to affect any sort of substantial change to business processes. Too much red tape in everyday work.. very hard working culture even among japanese banks. So many rules that you have to follow and loads of document work. Rigid and tiresome processes, too much consumed looking internally than externally, limited scope to grow client book.. extremely hierarchical structure, with limited advancement opportunities for young and ambitious people. Middle management (don't know about high management) only want followers that do as they are told without questioning the sense , motivations or implications.. Poor management training and growth which domino effects to employee
Lack of communication (mostly Japanese). prudence, Japanese culture, not easy to change. IT infrastructure need to be improved. Terrible bonus, only 2.5% of annual salary. Lack of modern technology (hardware and software) cripples productivity.. Management is bad
They shout like madly. The HR department is huge but never seem to be available. Slow promotion process. Not a lot of options for growth in your career. Base salaries are lower than on the street. Mgmt will try to tell you the bonus compensates for the lower number but the bonuses are not that great. My job after SMBC paid me $20,000 more base and  the same bonus for 4 months of work, I received at SMBC for 1 year.. Sumitomo Banking Mitsui Corporation Branch. less freedom, creativity, like a public worker. Management can't make good decision.. Good place to work especially Lev Fin team. There's no room to grow here. Work isn't challenging. And too much overtime.. no clear policy in English. Old blood still aplenty.  No ownership .  Avoidance.  Can’t beat them, join them. Employee education and development programs to be improved. bureaucratic and a fair amount of formality. - It is inevitable to work with Japanese Expats from Head Office that are often times too punctilious and require lots of unnecessary reports.. Can't think of any at the moment.  This is a Japanese based culture work environment.  They are strict and hard working people.  In any corporate, it is impossible to move up the ladder if you don't speak of your achievement.  You need to highlight your achievements and bring them to your manager's attention, otherwise you wont get credited for your work... i think thats just about anywhere in corporate America. Political and cultural barriers will slow down work. Systems is behind. Working as officer in operations in SMBC(India) for almost an year, being this a first job has made me averse towards Banking sector. No regard for junior staff and the seniors only know to throw their work on juniors. A very low pay scale for freshers. Quite backward in their processing as everything is manual and no efforts towards automation is done. The work culture is quite hierarchical. Being Japanese expected better adaptation towards technology and better work culture badly sadly nothing is expected even in future.. Employees are expected to work like robots, mostly processing paper flow like a production line.  They only care about take in the fees and simply do no bother with the issues after the fact.  Poor management and HR is useless.. Pay doesn’t match with market. Work evaluation is not based on quality.. no problem fine support 24×7. Not open minded, less of training. Nothing at the moment to be commented.. Lack of modern technology, HR Ecosystem is entirely done on paper and some lotus notes. Overly stringent IT security. And Employees are treated often like school children that need to be controlled. nothing to say much about it.. Salary Hike
Handling Resource
Improper Management
& Ignorance to lower person. Not a great place to learn. Poor promotion and pay prospects. Pay scale is not on par with market conditions, that becomes a huge detractor in attracting right talent.. good environment and employ behaviour also good. People, culture, workload,  no work life balance. Antiquated systems, lack of AML knowledge among managers and analysts, no sense at urgency.. no pros according to me as the working experience is super. managemnt is bad but corporating with other employes is good. Very slow decision making process.. this time salary hike was less. Sometimes you won’t finish till late on month end. Beaurocracy and heavy Japanese culture. For better or for worth, quite traditional Japanese company. Diversity and work life balance are promoted, but in some departments, their style are still old.. no job progression for non japanese, hence income ceilling. Everything else. Prepare to work ot without claims. - Average Salary
- Growing Pains of an Expanding Business
- A lot of opportunities are taken by Ex-Pats. You have to deal with politics, games and hypocrisy. Don’t expect to be treated fairly especially in certain departments.. too quiet/ Japaness style/ low promotion. nothing..u can join there..good company. Long and stressful commute if you don't live in the city. Work culture varies depending on job function - some consistently have no time for proper breaks/lunch/frequent OT, while others are often taking it easy. Work processes not the most advanced or efficient.. Average Pay compared to industry despite being lead bank in certain areas. This will harm the firm in the medium term and constrain its growth into investment banking.. Not so famous enough as it does not have retail business in the US. The strategy of the company is too conservative. - Bureaucracy at its best.
- Min. growth.. Bias towards Japanese Staff, Poor Work life balance, no growth at all and many more.. Too much red tape, old school culture is prohibitive to change. Compensation doesnt reflect productivity or performance metrics, instead its based on how many hours you are at your desk physically.

Lots of overtime abuse by older employees who arent very productive and log 100+ hour weeks with only 2 hours of actual work.. No progression, promotion is slow, stagnant, routine and politics. 

Team Lead will set traps for their own team member to step on it.

If you are not from your HOD previous bank. You will be pass on for promotion. 

Dept HOD don’t trust staff not from his previous bank.. Antiquated banking
Low pay
Extremely slow or non-existent growth. - No in-depth learning opportunity, compared to other companies.
- Low room for growth.
- Conservative high-level management.. Language/Culture May be challenging depending on your background, but if you are willing to give it a try, not a problem. too many Asian coworkers; not diversified. Low base salary compared to the major global banks
Little fringe benefits 
Little flexibility, rigid work hours and no room to work from home. You rarely be fired, but which sacrifices your salary. Like everywhere there are always staff feel the need to complain.. Way too much work in some groups; they don't like it when you use the time off they give you. really depends on which department you belong to.  some departments are very old fashioned.. Great power distance based strictly on age, slow paced. No growth, Lack of initiatives, Old school banking. -low pay compared to market
-credit process is inefficient and outdated. Not challenging, Not openness, Not diversity.
Following Japanese sub-rule, good sals person bacome senior managers even though they lack management skill.. bad management, no growing opportunities. - Can be bureaucratic
- Credit process filled with unnecessary processes / procedures. 
- Lack of accountability among certain staff / departments which can make things difficult to get done.. Very hierarchical, significant focus on process. Company grew, became big Corporate Structure. A fairly small office, so there is not as much room for advancement.  However, you get to see deals from beginning to end and are able to get fully involved.. Pay is low, opportunity for advancement is only for the chosen few.  I have witnessed senseless decisions made on the basis of gender and race , not Talent.. Unfriendly, political, not compliant, low salary, bonus for xth year is paid in June of x+1 year.. low pay rate for employees from operation. Growth slow, get promotion slow. Very difficult to advance in the department. Compensation is low. Not international enough. Pace could be slow at times. Terrible salary, Very bureaucratic culture, slow moving. salary is not good enough. Culture is still very Japanese but evolving. - Promotion based on seniority and not merit
- Favors Japanese
- Lots of "Grey-area" policies, leaving up to employees to interpret. Obviously being a Japanese bank a lot is expected of you. You are expected to work hard and put in the extra hours when required. It can be difficult to get promoted unless you really raise your profile. Progression is slow and salary benchmark is lower compared to industry.. Some general admin functions issues ; there are room for improvement.. Less than avg mkt salary
Japanese and Local Singaporean control  makes foreigners less desirable. Slow to innovate,  communication difficulty with expats. We have to work in strict environment. strict japanese culture, lack flexibility. No career prospects if you are not japanese
Outdated technology and unwillingness to invest
Almost all of management are expats that do not speak proper English, have no relevant skills and no strategy at all
Travel policy is awful (economy class even for travel to NY and Dubai, poor hotels and a budget of 44 USD per day)
Very high into hierarchy and not allowed to challenge management. Things move very slowly. Worry too much about policy and bureaucratic nonsense.. culture, expat inability to advance. You have to adapt to Japanese culture. Technology is behind the industry norm. Nothing that i can think of.. So many, it's unreal... environment is dog eat dog, no mercy.. A lot of "dead wood" - employees who have become quite complacent but likely won't ever be fired because of the very loyal
Japanese culture. There are some great members of management but most of the new talent comes in and leaves after 2-3 years. Some of the technology is outdated but that seems to have been improving.. Employees are paid below market
Overly bureaucratic. Underpaid, overworked. It is normal to be working 12 hours a day.. Japanese banking culture can be rather stiff and formal.. No upward mobility
Promotions are paid in June and are you extremely small
Below market pay (even with benefits considered)
Very little (zero) investment is made into developing staff
The management hierarchy is weak and doesn't allow VPs or SVP to do much without impossible to acquire approvals from people in other offices and in Japan.. No career advancement, no training, no all sorts of resource you may need. The management is waiting for their next rotations, so you may not expect their decision making to help push your deal.  Good paid for expats only (house rent, more leaves) , for local employees, it is below average (average pay with no other benefit except medical).  Small team means more flexibility in using your own time (flexible as long as you tell your colleague where you would go, but for junior person, it is really not a good idea) and more idle time when you have no idea why you would be there.  No good for someone seeking career advancement or move to other company.. - The work process is slower and stricter than that of Western banks. However, they are changing now.
- For the very top positions, it is hardly to find non-Japanese person. Or you must master Japanese to reach to that level. stuffy culture, 1990's looking office, no benefits, everything requires 10 approvals, no autonomy, no career development. There is always a glass ceiling as you go up higher and higher. - dated technology and processes. If you want to use the latest tech then it will be difficult to do that here
- isolated as a technologist. Be prepared to be hearing Japanese thrown around since it's a Japanese bank.. No work-life balance.  Very old-school Japanese work ethic.  Very few company events, however, the ones that do exist are very well put-together.. Flexible work and location options like working remotely are very limited if an option at all.  Lower salary and bonus than peer companies.  Have an attitude of "well, this is the way it's done here, we're not like other companies" (not in a good way).  There are no checks on unfair or abusive managers - HR only favors seniority.  Open seating style is very challenging.  Almost no opportunity for advancement, independent work, or travel.. Senior management are all expats come over for two year period, bank doesn't have any long-term strategies in place because of it.. Sometimes slow to get things done. Command & control. rigid, little opportunity for progression, tight fisted (pay to holiday party, enter code to print). HR is “Yes man” for the expiates. Never help to the local staff at all.
Low salary and bonus than average.
No career advancement.
You have to pay for Christmas party.
They use old equipment have trouble all the time.
The Japanese expatriate look down the local staff.
Very dirty office including lunch rooms and bathroom.. Very structural - not much room for growth/ growth is really slow,. Not a leader in the Banking industry in terms of technological investment and vendor integration. Need to do more to support employees to attend industry events and conferences.. Conservative with a Japanese culture, learning cap. low salary, poor career opportunities. Everything. Kitchen is filthy, no company provided water or cereal like other firms. Must pay for holiday party. 1% cost of living raise.... in NYC.... insurance copays are high for subspecialty visits. This place is awful.. Lack of offshore opportunities and progression pathways. A bit boring to work in the bank.
The japanese culture is quite aggressif.
There are too many rules.. Very dominating management
Strict supervision
No work culture
feedback is not considered positively. Too hard to advance to the next level.. limited opportunity in advancing career. slow moving processes, stuck in old ways. Excessive bureaucracy and any appetite, motivation and drive for change is soon diminished and can be extremely demoralizing. No salary increase. No good management. lack of training opportunities; lack of transparency - management don't communicate with staff until last minute change in terms of management. Has very strict office hours rules. Long working hour, average benefits. Very male- dominated company and still has the seniority backgroud. Good salary in general about lack in understanding the subordinates.. No career path for some position. Take long time to get promotion.. Rigid rules and procedures, slow management decision. Unfair benefits for old staff.. Very slow and inefficient internal approval system. Becuase of the culture of the bank, you can hardly be noticed or appreciated as a junior person. Analysts do what they are told to do. No creativity or initiatives. Very limited exit opportunities.. - Very rigid career path - it takes years to get promoted. office politics, management is too bureaucratic. Traders cannot be bothered. They make numerous mistakes.
Japanese company makes decision making a very slow process.
Compensation very low.
Work/Life Balance very poor.. very conservative culture, a lot of procedure (ridiculous), pretty much every little things needs multiple approvals, micromanaged, face time is extremely important (performance reflects number of hours you spend at work, not the quality of the work), no meritocracy here you can get promoted by term of your service, not many women in senior management. very japanese men dominant. If you're not Japanese men definitely stay away from this place.. To traditional sometimes. Cultural differences but I am ok with the culture so nothing much to say about that. Difficult to get things done quickly.. Decision making could be slow at times. bad management and cliquishness of employees will make your work miserable.. Red tapes, hierarchical, things move slowly. Some jobs redundant, you don't get fired at a certain age even when they don't work. -Do not work for this Company if you're Asian American. You will be expected to work harder than your American colleagues.

- American GMs discriminate against Asian. They treat Asians as a second class citizens.

-. - Slow outdated manual slow workflow processes
- Resource provided was inefficient
- Poor workplace culture
- No respect for contract staffs
- Poor training and leadership
- No job progression prospect. Very rigid when it comes to procedures that must be followed.. Product Innovation does not happen fast enough. Rate of change within the Bank is quite slow, except when Japanese interest is involved.. Shift tymings r nt gud. low pay within banking industry.
location is outside of CBD.
system is outdated and slow
doing repetitive (transposing figures by manually keying) work as system dont communicate
zero investments in welfare and pantry
very tied down by bureaucractic process and makes work very unproductive.. Long hours, antiquated heirarchy system and low pay are a few things that top of the long list of cons.. Interview process seems to be lacking: you get a huge mix of talent and incompetence.  Job stability at this level tends to be a double-edged sword...  The people with talent tend to get burned out from frustration, while others (that frankly shouldn't have been hired to begin with) love riding the coattails.. poor management, poor culture, lots of cons, try to avoid. -Cultural clash at the beginning but then you will adapt
-Bad HR department.. Work is getting too mundane. Sometimes just feel like you are wasting your talent there.. If you are not of Japanese heritage, your career path is dead.  A lot of red tape all around, by the time everyone agrees on the current policies, it's time to change it again.  You have to work there for over 5 years before you are promoted or if you kisses up to the CCO.  No one wants to work for a person who has a spreadsheet documenting every time you get up to go to the bathroom or to get a drink of water.   How can the CCO condone this?  All of your phone calls are recorded and your emails are monitored --it's similar to being a the book "1984".  Rainmakers do not stay, they will leave for a better bank and those who have left have done quite well in terms of titles and salaries.. Pay isn't up the industry standards. Not a social atmosphere. Communication is difficult.. Low pay, limited progression, very little investment in technology. Job advancement takes a long time. Slow management, advancement, micro management. lots of work, sometimes not client related. Given its incredible growth, it needs to ensure its operations scales up as well. Difficult to work with Japanese expats, some non-English speaking, and some believe they are superior to locally hired staff. And they don't mix and mingle, they have own little get-togethers and hang out mainly amongst themselves. Depending on who your boss is, it's even difficult to take annual leave.. lower salary compared to others, very japanese. AS i mentioned previosuly, you can get a lot of money but working balance was terrible. I get to work place at 7:30am and i go home at 11:30 pm. 
What you have to do is that you have to sacrifice your private time, there is no work balance basically.. There is quite a lot to say but this is not the correct forum. The normal issues with expats and red tape in Japanese organisations.. Less authorities. While I was working there, I did not have authority on my work at all. I had to wait for the decision from management. Glass ceiling after a certain level, you are treated as a hired gun; current management lack in leadership.. Base salaries are not as good in comparison to U.S. banks.  At times, it is very hard to get new initiatives off the ground because of red-tape and archaic processes (the deep rooted, risk-adverse culture of the Japanese).. Micro management
Manual processes
Lacks innovation and efficiency
Culture instils fear of making mistakes 
Lack of career development 
Risk adverse
Compliance and audit overload
Poor technology
Poor management who lack ethical character. Backoffice support is terrible.  They have no sense of urgency that front office needs certain things to get done on a timely fashion in order to close a deal. No help from senior colleagues but "go figure it out yourself.". Japanese seniors/expats great, very respectful. Japanese hierarchy, slow promotion. Vacation days are a little fewer than the street standard. lack of communication, inefficient system, HR has too much power,. Culture differences are very apparent and require most to adjust if upward mobility is what sparks one's interest. Culture, Senior Management, Career evolution as a woman. Poor management, terrible IT systems, high turnover. The temporary staff does not have any benefit other than the paid holiday and the pay rate is 25% less than other banks. Everything. One of the lowest paying firms in banking No work life balance. Extremely long hours. Asked the same question over and over as if you will give a different answer. Slow to make changes. Need to acclimate to their culture not them to U.S. Management reads your emails instead of actually knowing all that you contribute to the group. Too many Cons to mention..... I became aware of how bad the maternity leave benefits are very recently. This review is only about the maternity leave policy so that other women are aware of it before they come here.

There's basically no maternity leave benefit, instead you have to go on NY State state short term disability and SMBC will pay you your salary for a number of days while you're on state short term disability based on how long you've worked at SMBC. To give you an idea SMBC will pay you for 20 days of short term disability/maternity if you've worked there between 1-2 years, so that would equal 4 weeks of paid short term disability/maternity. And it only goes up by 10 days for 2-3 years, etc., so you'd have to be here many years to get industry standard 12 weeks paid maternity. 

You can take up to 4 months off though total (but obviously unless you've been with the company for like 10 years most of that time off will be unpaid). 

I get that it's a Japanese cultural thing not to be generous with maternity but Mizuho gives 12 weeks of paid maternity in the US so SMBC is an outlier, hopefully SMBC will adopt a more industry standard approach too.. not effective structure, too much seniority. System a little backwards, in some departments still quite bureaucratic.. Very bureaucratic and conservative decision making process. Can be heavy on processes. Slim exposure regionally. Dependent on SMBC Singapore to execute some particular kind of deals. Highly conservative in risk taking. Old-fashioned and disengaged leadership. Communication between back and front office could do better.. JApanese management tend to be more conservative. everything else...
Low pay, difficult to move around the company, credit is more concerned with the margins rather then actual credit work. Japanese expatriates to the attitude that look down on locally hired.
Especially against the woman of non-executives is treated like a maid.
I can not have pride in being an employee of the company. I work here more than 7hours a day, it made me tired.. Not focus on personal development. Extremely bureaucratic, the internal credit systems dictates everything the Company does, very little autonomy, compensation is  on the low side in the industry.. No career progression and seriously below the market compensation. Too much work and is not rewarded. Division between Japanese and American workers. Japanese culture can be a bit weird. HR not helpful, small office space. Nothing negative to say about SMBC. Working Area is open space like Japanese company style.
Narrow desk with no partition, with small drawer 
No Privacy.
Toilet and cafeteria is very dirty.
Dirty big trash bin is overflowing with garbage.
No career pass for the local staff 
Many Asian , In particular, there are many Chinese
American officers of expatriates’  “Yes” men.. HIGHLY bureaucratic, stuck in old times. Its 2015, although the company seems to be showing improvement into the new century, they are very much stuck in their old ways. The company uses a highly antiquated system of hierarchy which at times can be frustrating.. Can be stuck in its ways. Too many administrative things to do.
Your local culture may not go along well with the Japanese culture.. At first, it was a traditional Japanese work environment where you worked hard and hard work was rewarded. Then the bank’s management became too Americanized and office politics and gossip set in.  Half the day is spent in meetings, to discuss the next meeting date.. Not open minded and mono culture. Too long over work.. I did not have any major complaints. I enjoyed working there. The company does block several websites. I was not able to access Facebook or check my personal email unless I used my phone.. lack of advancement opportunities and the some department are in decay. There were no cons. I highly recommend this company.. Does not reward high performer
Low pay compared to market
Not aggressive. Not a "sexy" place to work necessarily
A significant part of compensation is paid through the bonus
Can require herculean hours. Pay is significantly under street as they have not responded to the industry wide pay raise. 
Brand awareness. Leave your ego at home where it can't get damaged.
You must not speak or complain loudly.  
While part of the problems arise because of the Japanese predisposition to seek consensus first the bank, particularly must be dragged kicking and screaming into the 21st century.
Credit authority is placed in individuals and if the individual you need is out of the office his authority is delegated up rather than down as in every other bank so approvals are even slower than normal.  
The poor slobs in the credit department are understaffed and over worked. 
Burnout is a career path.. poor salary and bad management will this company weaken in the long run.. Long hours can sometimes be involved. Management dominated by Japanese but it's changing slowly. Not as well known as other multinational banks.. Idecisiveness and mediocricity in management, massive dependancy on decisions made in Tokyo.. There is no cons till now. Limited prospects for non-Japanese staff and women, who are treated like children
Bureaucratic processes and 'blame culture'
Hierarchial structure
Promotion is based on length of service, not merit
Salary and non-pension related benefits are on the lower end of the scale, study leave packages very poor
Lunchtime and afternoon boozing culture among some local management
Too much power in the hands of the HR Department
Senior management tend to be on short term placements from Japan. Their main aim when in London is to avoid anything happening which they might be blamed for, therefore they have limited engagement with staff and the whole operations of the bank are geared towards making sure nothing lands on their desk. This can mean many issues being swept under the carpet or not being brought to senior management's attention.. Language and ethnic barriers can slow processes. People
Pay grades and levels
Short term employments. Very conservative and a bit inflexible.  Not too much n terms of flexible work environment.. Sometimes the Japanese culture can be a little different from American. The whole concept of "face time" that comes from Japan can be frustrating. Hierarchy with higher up management.. Conservative management, bureaucratic top down structure, glass ceiling - top management japanese with very few exceptions. Not much ability to learn different aspects of the operational side.. Poor salaries, highly bureaucratic, poor management. Not much to say here, I really enjoyed my time at the company. Maybe just that the top management is Japanese so that it may be difficult to move up at some point in a career path.. Unbelievably rigid culture with a Kafkaesque level of bureaucracy that makes doing actual business impossible. There is absolutely no autonomy and people are literally scared to make decisions without getting sign off from every level of management. Pace of business, as a result, is glacial. Entrepreneurial thinking is discouraged and there is a palpable fear of anything new which would explain (but not excuse) the use of Lotus notes for email and other unbelievably outdated technologies. 

There is no clear path to promotion for non-Japanese, no culture of management feedback or mentoring for those who want to advance their careers and women, in general, are not seen as management material. 

In short, if SMBC is a microcasm for Japanese culture, good luck to the Japanese economy on achieving any meaningful growth anytime soon.. Limited career growth, involvement of local staff. Salary not up with market rate. Sucking up to bosses is the probably the best way up. Your promotion is given to you not based on performance, but more on your age and time clocked in the company. Severely underpays. Speaking up about your concerns about your well being/growth in the company to the management is more or less pointless. Women are not treated fairly.. They are a bit conservative in the sense that they aren't as open as they might be to new/better ways of doing things.  There can be a "we don't do things that way" attitude rather than a "can-do" attitude.  Part of the Japanese culture, perhaps.. Lack of transparency and direction from Senior Management.  Long term employment often attracts people who wouldn't survive elsewhere. Systems are complex and creaking - built over years of adding extra bits and plastering over - not cutting edge.. very strict office policies, can't even post telephone list on partition.
team leads delegate all works to junior staff.  overload junior staff workload and working hours and meanwhile the team leads and team head get to leave work early.. Very japanese culture, your bosses never talks to you (will pass you by as if you don't exist), some of them barely speak English
Department is not friendly
Its dead quiet in the office
Paintry is the worst I ve ever seen, plenty of green tea, but no milk. Coffee had to be placed at mail room as people were stealing it
Absense of any training
No coaching, mentoring
No communication of expectations
Very inefficient processes, outdated technology (both software and hardware)
Absense of Communication from Top to Bottom
Although hours are great (9-5), at 9:01 management goes around to check if you are at your place. Work from home is non-existent term, taking half day to take care of your personal affairs is judged. Sick days... well you have to be diying. If not, why arent you at your desk.. Everything. This is a Japanese bank ran by Japanese people from Japan. They have absolutely no respect for local hires. No career advancement. Worse if you are a woman. Pay sucks. People are there because they have no other choice. They don't value competency. Face time is the only thing they value.. Not progressive for non-Japanese.
Extremely slow decision making.
Management positions are filled by people with little or no experience in the field.
Lack of flexibility to manage work-life balance.
Only people who work late hours are considered efficient.
No growth for women, as it is typical male dominated.. Glass ceiling for women.  More concerned about form over substance.  Kissing up is the best way to get ahead.  Management's attitude is often dismissive and arrogant.  Annual pay raises are horrible.  SMBC under pays for industry.  Pecking order: Japanese , White, Spanish , Black.. Lack of career progression, not paying market rate or retaining existing & experienced people, rubbish maternity pay, Japanese staff progress very rapidly through the ranks ahead of the experienced British staff.. As a bank, the culture is conservative. This is similar across all banks regardless whether they're Japanese, European, or American. The banking industry is heavily regulated and compliance must be adhered to which comes at an expense to speed and flexibility.. no career path, hierarchy, traditional Japanese corporate culture. A very hierarchical structures means that local management are unable to make any meaningful decisions as everything needs to be sent to head office in Tokyo. This makes for an incredibly slow moving organisation with almost no focus on customer service. Differences between Japanese culture and most Anglo Saxon / European cultures makes for an us and them organisational culture, which can be challenging to work in.. long hours, no career advancement. So antiquated.  They dont care about their employees.  HR told me I needed to buy my own calculator for work.  We pay for our own christmas party...this is all when the bank is doing well. The Japanese expats look down on everyone.  Promotion hardly ever happens.  Their pay on All levels is way below the labor market for the industry.. The salaries at all levels of the company are below market for the industry.

The atmosphere around the office is not pleasant.  The culture is toxic, and there is a fear that is perpetuated by the Expat community.

Expats are promoted before American staff.

Managers do not care about work/life balance.

There is a glass ceiling for women.

The Expats look down on American staff.

The benefits of being an employee are basically limited to health care.  
  -There is no such thing as employee day, when employees are treated. 
  -The Christmas party costs $50 to attend, $50+ to bring a guest.
  -No stipends for cabs or dinner if you are asked to work late.
  -There are occasionally team dinners and parties, but they generally cost each employee $40-$60, and you are expected to attend.
  -No office cafeteria.
  -Hours are just as long as peers in American banks, if not longer, but pay is much less.
  -HR is not supportive, and does not make employees feel like they are operate on the employees behalf.
  -The pantries are a disgrace.  There is literally only green tea and coffee- no milk.. Culture
Compensation - will lowball you and sell you the lack of layoffs
Technology - they use a access db as their CRM, Lotus notes, Windows XP, IE 6, cloud services is foreign here
PTO - very low by modern standards
Sick days - you get dinged on performance review for using it. conservative environment, lots of working amount. My department was a joke! Very unprofessional and very poorly managed. There was a senior tax accountant who was extremely unhappy and hostile. This was permitted.. - Inefficient and bureaucratic: a lot of deliberation / discussion over minutiae
- Inadequate and outdated software and technology; proprietary software is useless
- Distrust of external sources (e.g., JP Morgan, Credit Suisse, etc.)
- Condescending, arrogant and dismissive management
- Minimal investment in employee / career development
- Unnecessarily long processes (50+ page redundant applications)
- Just because it takes more time to finish a process, it doesn't make it better. Learn efficiency.. bad environment not pleasant people. Japanese Culture overall. Mood Killer... Its awfully quiet in the office and not much minglling amongst the Japanese and Chinese. No benefit exclude salary.If there is no benefit,I need more salary.
This company could not be speedy decision.  Old culture. no career, no motivation, inefficient approval process, zero risk appetite. don't have anything bad to say. No Teamwork, or mentorship. Not enough resources available.. Pay (Not as attractive as what American / European banks are offering)
Less flexible, rather strict in terms of punctuality. Bonuses are performance driven; meaning if the company as a whole is not doing well, your bonus will reflect that. It is a Japanese company that is bureaucratic and filled with red tape. Even thought they have operations in the states, the japanese way of doing business overrides and they have difficulty undersanding business ops in the states and other countries. If you are not Japanese you will be the first laid off. Management is not looking out to move the organiztion forward they only care about their next assigment. Super stars leave after the first year or 2 and what is left just maintains operations. Extremely political to a point where nothing gets done in the right way.. Japanese culture
lack of training opportunity
lack of networking chance
management is very vertical
there should be lots of room for improvement. The bank has different standards for Japanese and non-Japanese clients. Japanese clients always have priority - sometimes it seems that the bank's foreign branches exist mostly to serve Japanese corporates in overseas markets.

Japanese staff seldomt socialise with foreign employee. Long hours because of peer pressure (Japanese staff usually stay very late). Sub-standard travel policy.. japanese company means loads of bureaucracy, a lot of unnecessary paperwork and red tape, the japanese expats are sometimes quite unfriendly, particularly towards women. Very disfunctional.  Japanese management are more focused on managing their next career steps than improving the business.  Technology, policies, processes are all of especially poor standard vs non-Japanese banks and limit competitiveness. SMBC Capital Markets has a small branch in New York City. that is why not a lot of space for growth.. - Strong Japanese culture
- Too strong focus in Asian business. Shut my mouth when it’s time

Open it… when it’s time

If I want a promotion, do that job without the title and the pay check. They will have to give it to you at one point. 

Lower my expectations (in term of numbers or delays)

Deliver the maximum (and get a huge achievement bonus!)

Makes allies in every department, it’s always useful! Because your manager will get you with this in your performance review (poor communication is bad) if you don't socialize and make friends to other department people. She deemed it is important. You can't be yourself and pretend that you like them.. Some difficulties with software, some difficulties in communication globally, insufficient high quality training, no sport facilities, only partial health insurance. Japanese promotion structure encourages experience at the firm over genuine potential so can be slow but sure promotion and advanced in career. Your experience working for the bank depends on which group you are working for. Some groups overwork you without any benefits beyond what others who don't work nearly as hard get too. In the groups that work you hard the words work and life are never in the same sentence.. Not much to add here. Huge complex business and IT landscape. Not so bad actually, a lot of stuff is good. None to mention so far. Average Salary is low compared to similar profiles. Bureaucracy as in any toner bank, Management is poor, especially communication. Not such thing, nice place to work. None come to mind immediately.. Seemed hirearchical, some managers would not greet students etc.. None come to mind here. - Not a lot of women in upper management yet
- Still many silos to break down within and across departments. Big organization so sometimes slow to get changes through.
It's a bank, so development has to take a lot of compliance into account.. too much working hours within the week. No cons to be listed.. Very silo based and difficult to get things through. micromanager demands many things and they want everything in control in their hand. Bad bureaucracy. You have to carry two computers, one is a PC and the other is Mac. You can not use any could base services. You will go back to 2010 in the office where the world moving forward. HR is hard to reach. No onboarding.. Not the best salary in the field. Slightly impersonal but that fits for analytical minds.. Lack of good annual bonus. Very burocratic environment. Ongoing cost savings initiatives in Nordic countries.. Limited option to exist in Nordic structures. workload stress meetings call restrictions. Don’t care about employee much. The company is very political and has a lot of red tape. Constant fear if you will be on next list they will let go. overloaded with work, 16h at work. Low salary compared to competitors. Large corporate institutions always have a bagage to carry around with. planned outsorcing, not respecting knowledge of very experienced employees. Low salary and not many career opportunities. Traditional and Conservative Company
Emphasizes Control. When over pressure, you realise that the culture they are preaching for is the oppositte that really occurs. hierarchical environment that can become tiring. Quite political, slow moving organisation.. can't think of any cons. No avancement and the management. A lot of cost cut, which in the end is excellent for the customers. However, during covid and home office, you do not get a lot of supporting equipment to work from home.. Corporation, Salary, Big Company, Management, Profits. hard to proceed and make a career. Limited salary growth, cost-cutting, outsourcing. Rather difficult to get promotion. Lower salaries than other banks. Not much possibilities to affect your work possibilities within the company. Unpredictable meeting times due to market events. A bit bureaucratic at times. IT has been going thorugh many outsourcings during the last couple of years.. cost reductions, outsourcing, weak short sightseeing management. Not too good work life balance, somewhat bureaucratic.. Quite segregated between different departments. Nothing in particular, but constantly changing organization. Slower than desirable progress with new technologies, Several cumbersome solutions (somewhat understandable, this is a back), Lack of proper developer environment. Very big bank, which can create issues. Customers can be hard to deal with at the end of a work week when they have financial needs that don't go there way. Not easy to change things. not competitive salary,
often strategy changes resulting in job transfer to India. Slow salary growth, hierarchy exists. Large technical debt, slow to change, constant changes in company structure, huge number of various (business and technical) services working slow, or not working at all frequently. Low salary comparing to other companies. Salary and increment not as competitive as in the industry.. If you want to challenge your self, Nordea is not a right place for you. Large org with a lot of hierarchy. Quite siloed organization, slightly confusing to work in for a student. slow progress on projects often. Everything is amazing ! I would like to to spend the rest of my career there. Work over time quite often. constantly trying to push personal expenses at all time minimum. None of the things are bad. Non at all, very trustworthy people. low salary offer by Hr and discrimination. No bonuses or financial reward for regular employees despite a great year for the bank (2020) and hard work from employees. But rewards for top management?. highly regulated environment as many other financial institutions. long line of decision-making
boring products and projects. - HR are not transparent in candidate sampling. They promote the people they know. average salary, intense work and training. Very bureaucratic. Lots of wasted time in projects, involving too many people, too slow decision making.. It is crazy you are asking about this. Long hours, poor salary, dry culture.. Not the place with feeling of stability.. it is a repetitive work. Lower pay and micro management. Compensation not competitive
Career growth progression could be better. Relatively low salary and too many constraints for IT. Salary is not that competitive as in other companies in the industry. May not pay as much as they should. Nothing to mention as y experience was fine. Leadership, especially the non people view. Bad management, poor manager behavior,work from office. bad salary, boring job job as wont speak a nordic language. Big corporate which means projects take time and some of them don’t get to be launched. none......nothing to worry about today. Badly managed and structured that is 20 years old & terrible culture. Large organisation sometimes results in working in silos. Constant changes and (too) high expectations.. Sometimes bureucratic and slow to transform... Extremely bureaucratic processes and mangement. too dynamic at times
stressful
unappreciated.

thats all. It is a big company, and there are people hired to work at every station. Therefore you will be a specialist in your work area. did not like the commute. Slowness, a bit of chaos, typical corporate bank issues. Chaotic at times with a lot of org changes. Uncertainty about the future, co-operation negotiations. Unstructed and messy to start working there.. The salary was not that good. sometimes it can be a little boring with not too much innovation projects. bureaucracy, slow changes, lack of feedback reaction, if you are in a good tribe (team) that is of higher importance then you are treated much better than in a worse tribe.. being a bank it is bureaucratic and can be lots of red tape. Low salary for a long time employment. Constant change, salary level, 
work culture.. No cons ah all to Share. Very poor work life balance. Bureaucracy - as you expect from the corporation. International teams with most meetings held online. No major ones as I see it.. No extra salary for brining extra income to the bank. -Everything is fine, nothing to add. Management, complex onboarding session, a lot of financial trainings. paycheck is given not at months end but on the 10th of next month. Highly hierarhical, politics involved, fragmented across many countries. Noise in open space, monotonous tasks, hard to develop. Nothing to say about that. small learning curve and the tasks maintain within the same process. All the exciting positions are only available in Copenhagen. lack of procedures, working hours. Doesn't have a structured promotion policy. But one is coming!. Hierarchy and ability to make quick moves. Total and complete misunderstanding of what it means to plan and implement software based solutions. Constantly busy without a second to breathe. Answering questions of why it is not done to people who do not understand technical specifications. 

You will always be operating in firefighting mode.. slow growth and a lot of procedures. Line team has nothing to do with actual work. nada could be better some why open here. Old stack, long and tiresome processes. Can't do anything creative. 3 moths waiting for all needed access.. bureacracy is quite a lot. As in many large organizations, decision making is slow and political. Lack of training, work employment type is not flexible,profit sharing is unjust. None, it is nice place to work. Bad aircondition, it could be better pay. Unclear decision making processes and ownership.. Innovation is always an uphill battle.. Way, way too many managers and unnecessary processes.
Vision from the high leadership (moving to automation and cloud) does not match what developers experience on the ground.. - not so open environment
- a lot of changes where going to happen in the organization structure which effected the motivation of colleagues. There are limits as in any other big company. It was a little bit too stressful.. Compensation a bit to low. Not very open to new ideas. Big size so slightly longer processes. Lack of structure
Lack of feedback 
Not great personal developement. too much focus on short term wins, rather than proper investments with long term benefits.
culture of "workarounds" and manual work. have not observed any so far. Can sometimes be frustrating to try to make a change, because Nordea is a collection of banks that were merged together, and is relatively slow in turning around. Work-life balance is not always great, because we sometimes work long hours without being paid for extra hours.. I did not experience any cons during my time at Nordea. Being in a Nordic teams means lot's of remote work, virtual teams meetings etc. You can loose the sense of belonging to a team.. Typical investment banking working hours.. Didn't find any. Great place.. Goog salary and employers in the bank. Can;t sleep in the office. Cant think of any right now. No common ways of working. No management system. Middle management is not equiped to do their job (no knowledge of management system) No leardership. Promotion or job not offered according to skills and competences.
Salary not competitive. Social activities are quite rare.. Taste of the pudding is in the eating. Slow, politcal, difficult to get a raise. Not too much freedom 
Expirence depends who is your Manager. Constant reorganisation makes it hard to plan a career path.. Large company can sometimes be very hierarchical and things take a lot of time to proceed. Pay, job requirements, customer service, one-sided. Lots of travels 
Too many layers of management. Long working hours everyday every year. Work/life balance, although depending on department. Salary isnt the best compared to other banks.. Nothing is bad in there. Little or no training on the job. The company is currently focusing on costs and short term thinking. Long time waiting for anything (from access to business decisions), slow adaptation of new technologies (like all financial institutions). really limited place for building career in Poland --> top management positions are available only for Nordics. the work hours are such that its hard to balance work -life. Vey busy, no free time, a lot of goals to reach, very independent job. Not investing in internal development. Corp Long time waiting for anything. Many rules of restriction for what tools we can use. Really bad management, no directions, managers helping each other to climb. Not too much negative for this bank. Very good bank. Take care of employees and provide a lot of facilities for employees. Too many managers ahead of you. Stuff organization with 0 to low possibilities to accelerate a career Within the organization. Bad salary, management, environment. Management not honest.. The work could be repetitive. Cost savings goes way beyond employee satisfaction and whats humanly possible to achieve.. Bureaucracy is still strong in financial services industry. Some poor leadership in certain areas have not been dealt with in a timely fashion. If you are unlucky you will be stuck with a poor manager.

The culture is not really cohesive. There have been too many attempts lately to improve culture but they have not been executed well enough - so actually the company as a whole is probably worse of now than 5 years ago.. Culture can be tough in some departments
Salary was below average. Tooling and processes for software development are not prioritised much; which can be seen throughout all systems.. bullying poor leadership poor management mediocre salary. Long working hours and expectations of always being available.. Big organisation makes the processes and changes slow at times.. Bureucratic, slow, anonymous like a foreign bank. a lot of meetings and business trips. Location can be annoying, depends. Big company so change takes time.. Located in Finland, where salary outlook is not positive. Nothing to mention. Everything good. As it is a huge company with somewhat complex structure and hierarchy, some processes can be slow and a bit too bureaucratic, so don't expect things to happen very quickly. Sluggish communication between different teams or departments can also be sometimes frustrating.. Many organisational restructuring throughout the past 2 years. Favoritism
Promotions after worked years if you'll be fighting enough 
Sadly, poor people management in Poland. Old fashioned company which is very limited for new technologies. If you fire 50% of employees it won't be noticeable. Because all processes are so inefficient, that you need to wait months to get permission to start work on your tasks, or weeks to get requirements from the business department.
HR (or People Direct Portal ) never can help you...they lose your documents, forget to sent you tax declaration, make mistakes in your profile...Everything that can go wrong, would go wrong with them. 
Sometimes you have the impression that the main and only goal of the management - to prevent the IT department to make its job.

On the other hand, the atmosphere is very relaxed. No one cares if you are doing the story yet another month, which was estimated as one hour task.. I was very close to give a positive feedback for Nordea, in fact, Nordea would be my first company in Poland for that! However, everything went upside down after that unfair decision.

Throughout my employment, I have always shown my interest to get involved, got everything given to me done, never turned down any request for help, always asked for more involvement whenever appropriate, was mostly at top at various performance charts within the team (e.g. training completion) and even volunteered on additional things like giving security training to other employees. Furthermore, I had the most diverse background when it came to IT Security as I worked on various sub-fields of IT Security, which all of my teammates lacked. Yet, when the budget cut came and our team was made redundant, instead of focusing on the manager and Senior of the team who were the primary people responsible for everything, the local senior management in Poland decided to choose me to be laid off. That local management managed to arrange places for everyone in our dismissed team in other teams whereas when it came to me, despite the fact that I had the most diverse background (yes even more than the Senior of the team) and therefore would be much more useful in other teams for Nordea, they simply said unfortunately they had no place for me in other teams and I was the only non-polish person in the team, what a coincidence! 

Moreover, they announced it in a very disgraceful way, they did not mention anything about it beforehand at all, everything was conveyed to me at the last minute, right after which I handed over everything that belonged to me. If they had told me before, I could have searched harder for other internal opportunities and probably could have found something by myself in one of the other teams. An interesting point here is, despite all that confidentiality, I know that the manager and Senior of the team knew this beforehand, which implies to me that they were also involved in this unfair and suspicious decision. 


Another interesting anecdote on this switching teams thing is, I kind of felt something was coming, therefore, 1 month prior to this sudden announcement, I tried to get in touch with another local manager in whose team there was an internal availability which matched my background perfectly (it was related to Cyber Security Monitoring). Yet, that manager did not even bother to answer me, which makes no sense except for some reason she did not want me in her team at all (maybe due to my nationality?).  A similar thing happened when I pinged our more Senior Manager based in a Nordic Country and showed my interest to him for one of the topics he presented to us all,yet again, no answers came, this time probably due to fact that by the time I pinged him, he already had the decision on me due to unfair feedback he received from Polish management, interesting indeed!

As per our team, The teamwork and collaboration quality was low due to lack of attention of the manager and the Senior of the team, as those two always preferred to take care of important tasks by themselves, not even bothering to get the rest of the team involved and for this exclusion, they even tried to indirectly put the blame on the rest of team for "not asking for getting involved" all the time (not directly as this would look too ridiculous), which was far from truth anyway as everyone was showing his/her interest. In fact, it was the Senior of the team who was reluctant to accept this offer for help as that meant more responsibility and more teaching which he did not want to bother with, especially in English. Another excuse for not involving everyone was the fact that our team was scattered across different cities.

They additionally used the fact that I was not Polish and my Polish skills were limited as an excuse to slowly isolate me from the daily tasks and discussions.(official language was English by the way). They were all ready to speak in English in theory but in practice you had to "remind" your teammates about it every single time. Even one of the official trainings, which was paid by Nordea, was held in Polish as neither our manager nor the instructor himself knew enough English!

It was almost a sin to ask a question to learn something within the team. The first reaction you would get was "this is written in this email/in this documentation, why are you asking this??", sometimes even satires as "are you sure you are working for Nordea?" etc. This is actually a common problem of immature business cultures like Polish one, not necessarily only our team's issue.. Not many bad things it was ok to work for Nordea. Compensations and Benefits are somehow undervalue.. There is a huge hierarchy. Communication from bottom to top is non-existing, but it is a big company so fully understandable.. - Overall bureaucracy hinders development
- Old processes. Recent near shoring has affected work atmosphere. There is a lot of ineffective processes.. Management is distant
Weak core values. Organized by functional silos leads to employees who are disconnected from their work.. Hard to advance in managerial positions for first-time managers. A bit too administrative and processual tasks. -Slow internal processes
- decision making time could be faster. Big company, which can create long decision processes. A lot of reorganization and cost cutting. Can sometimes be longer days. A lot os business areas are still slow to change, adapt, and move with the times, meaning it's hard to effect any real positive change - even when the change may benefit the business and/or customers.. Still refer to people as resources
Senior management general mindshifts - too much command and control
Lacking the engineering culture needed for continuous development
Lacking ways to implement new learnings. More process orientated company and slow  execution. Some bureaucracy, legacy IT systems, red tape. Limited abilities to advance within the corporation. Cannot think of any. Rather a bit unclear career path. Very often a political organization with a long and slow decision process. The company is too big and bureaucratic to be efficient.. - Bad culture
- All other bad things related to the corporation of 30k personnel. Sometimes the job tended to be somewhat repetitive. Not much opportunity to grow. Sometimes very stressful at work.. Very large bank, and they have a problem with customer reputation. No career progression prospects outside Stockholm
Hr virtually non-existent
Very bureaucratic, you have to be an expert in navigating forms and processes to get anything done.. Segregation of duties between business and IT which creates significant bureaucracy barriers. Transition process is hard sometimes. not enough internal controls implemented. VERY conservative organization (even for the bank). Too many management layers. Majority of employees are in their 50+ and are not interested in any changes. Mediocre top management. People are leaving Nordea like rats are leving the soon-to-sunk ship.. -only temporary position, waste of employers time. Bereaucracy can sometime stifle ability to get things done
Slow decision making as a consequence. Not much opportunities for international exchanges. Sometime too slow to change and long processes. some processes are not well designed. Restructuring happens quite often, high management is not so transparent when it comes to communicating big decisions. Political organization 
Continuous cost cutting. Frequency of organisational changes / job losses
Inertia / lack of motivation / stress in the company  due to all the organisational changes and job losses
Silo- thinking, lack of collaboration and general bureaucracy due to worry about job losses. Not to the level of customer focus yet.
Process end to end are at low level across the bank. Increased bureaucracy in recent years.
Poor process and system.
Too many big projects start but never got really finished.. Many organisation changes
Mass reduction of staff. Systems aren't working, no one's listening to improvement solutions. It was sometimes very stressfull.. too bureaucratic , too many managers. A few times a year work-life balance but otherwise great. Moving jobs to Poland , No motivation for people in Nordic. slow decision making, a bit fragmented. This job was not in my field.. Too much bureaucracy, too many leaders. A lot of changes which need more time to adjust to.. Typical corpo cons that exist everywhere. Company bureaucratic. Has lots of procedures.. Extremely complex - most people amazed about how complicated and long-winding processes can be, and how much anchoring needed. Network, cut through the bias.. I have never experience junior, middle and senior management that are so clearly clueless. Some examples:

The bank's IT is the middle of a transformation, but what it's transforming into is a mystery to all. Communication from any level of management is vague at best. Everyone seems to be afraid of making any firm decisions or setting a clear vision.

Agile implementation is a farce, It is a pretence. Most people here make a show of change, but there is no real impetus to change here, especially at the management level.

There appear to be no consequences for poor performing managers, despite the fact they’re a clear hinderance of their work force delivering anything of value.

No room for negotiating when making internal moves, even their internal recruitment is incompetent.

If you like to deliver nothing of value and close out tasks then this is the place for you, but if you’ve any serious technical ability or any knowledge I would skip this place. It’s not worth the aggravation.. bureaucratic organisation and very hierarchical. Lower salary compared to other banks. Organization top large to be agile. bonuses that are paid once a year. Big organization which makes it a bit slow.. Nothing to add really all good. Extensive unneeded travel in sometimes too much. None, better opportunities abroad, though. Technology stack and development processes are tiresome.. Even though the culture is supposed to be Scandinavian, it is not followed.. Learning wise you will not learn a lot. Nothing to say against it. The company culture is bad, departments don’t help each other out “If it’s not in my work description I won’t do it”. Nordea has tried to change the culture with workshops, but it felt like a joke. Employees get thrown under the buss when the bank is closing branches and outsourcing, although it might be necessary there is still a good and a bad way to treat people.. Lack of benefits, which competitors offer.. No feedback.
No communication with management.
Bad onboarding process.
No opportunity to progress to other roles.. Most of the IT operations moved to Poland. No growth opportunities in IT. Bad salary in my department. Sometimes decisions takes time as in large company we may not be that agile.. Limited branches outside nordic country. Poor management, lack of direction, illegal overtime hours and the drive to outsource as many functions of the bank outside of europe means most of this bank isnt actually in the nordics at all.. - too many meetings
- slow decision taking. It is not a talent programme, but a way for leaders to hire cheap labor. You will be expected to work a full-time position, however once leaving the programme starting off as an entry level role and title, therefore wasting your time and career in this programme.. Like with any enterprise -- especially banks -- processes and system complexities, is sometimes a drag.. Cost cutting minimizes innovation projects. Too much favoirism (specially since the company moved its headquarters to Finland, all key roles are given to finnish locals without even publishing the roles for others to be considered) 

Very untalented and irrelevant middle management, who creates more problem than solutions. Talented people who want to work suffer in all this and eventually tend to leave

Carrier progress is virtually non existent, and if you are good at your job, everyone around you will do their utmost to keep you there doing only that. Hard to find meaningful career steps outside the bank due to lower complexity elsewhere, higher pay at Nordea and lack of intellectual stimulus in other workplaces.. I think it is much better to work in Scandinavia than in nearshore. Not much benefit than salary
Big and slow on IT process
Technology is not advancr. Lower than average pay compared to other companies or banks. Really big scale of a bank. Very strict guidelines to follow. not very developing, in periods very boring. Nothing here - 100% loved working for them. 1- Too much bureaucracy and undefined processes
2- IT was not the main priority of bank so you don't feel as good as working for a product / consulting company
3- Difficult to get hands-on experiences with new technology it would be difficult
4-  Too many hierarchies and no accountability
5- No process if rewarding good employees to create an environment of  healthy competition. The IT-services tend to fail. Big, slow, culture,  silos, HR. If you don't work in the nordics you can't benefit of all the extras. Difficult to understand a process end to end because of the size of the company. vegetables in the corporate canteen. Processes are a bit slow but things are getting better. No compensation or bonuses at all.. No cons at all really.. Very bureaucratic and slow admin. Not so generous about bonuses - very conservative.. my opinion is that recruiting process was long (4 steps for junior). Need a little more fast-paced sometimes.. Miserable benefits. No bonuses. No banking benefits for CoE Tallinn office. No  clear career path.  Workload increasing from month to month. Attrition rate is above the clouds.  Overall, Tallinn office smells like an outsource. - permanent overtime hours
- a week without some major change of strategy is the lost week
- frequent rotation in management of lower and higher level
- ancient T24 software is main skill required in this company
- legacy operating systems
- scrum masters, agile masters, plannings, pre-plannings, conferences, meetings, presentations, useless courses, ceremonies, powerpoint, skype and sticky notes - they are eating this company from inside. If you like to feel stressed that you never have time to do your work, then go ahead and apply.
- permanent conflict of interests between teams
- overwhelming feel of stress in the air
- employees don't identify with company's targets and route to achieve them
- there is no day that everything works just fine (from the IT infrastructure perspective). Legacy code. Business trips to Nordics are project specific. Lot of bureaucracy.. Salary might not be very competitive.. For the moment Nordea is reducing within different areas so you need to be careful and keep your eyes open.. - Big bank, so it is sometimes hard to see how does your work contribute to the whole company
- Continuous change can be exhausting. Salary could be better. Quite demanding culture. A lot is new. Hence a lot of issues need to be ironed out.. Career progression can be difficult due to a top heavy organisation. Working hours can be harsh.. Big company, so the impact you can leave on the company at lower levels is not great.. - pretty low salary
- branch from Scandinavia. Long hours and could improve the internal work culture. Terrible gender balance in IB. Management is french style, micro. Lately it has been extremely busy in the contact centre.. Boring and slow progress. Maybe just mine deparment. bureaucracy,  not so agile as told. Bureaucratic and therefor falls behind the curve.. difficult to get a higher position. New management, no clear direction. They just hire polish people to work for their offices in the Scandinavian region 4 days a week in their office but they pay their checks and insurance in PLN.
Although they pay your trip and hotel but still it is big saving for them.. A bit too much routine work, but that goes for most student positions. No Career forward
Some office politics. Lack of international exposures, internal opportunities not always available. Very slow decision making, old technologies.. A lot of politics. The company has an army of middle management that does not really care about the customer;
If you work in tech department, you will be frustrated how few managers even understand the basics, but nonetheless strongly push their opinion.
In some tech departments there managers expect employees to significantly overwork without extra compensation or even days off.
In Tech departments there is absolutely no engineering culture;
In Helsinki, there is a problem with office parking.
In personal banking, most of employees do not know and do not wish to know what customers actually think about the service.
You can advance very fast, but you have to play nice, do not ask inconvenient questions and agree with management on everything.. Lots of org changes, corporate bureaucracy. Zero strategy. Constant reorganisations (there has been up to 3 complete makeovers per year for several years in the same department) make the best people and leaders leave. Very high degree of micro management on strategic levels. Don't live their own values. Speed always goes before quality, which creates a lot of frustration. Back-stabbing culture in some areas.. Salary slightly uncompetitive, big changes happening. Total incompetence in the digital field. Nordea is a company run by former bank salesmen (they also call themselves advisors), who proceed to rank up inside the bank until they decide they want to be in charge of something they have no competences in. Everything in Nordea is about seniority and rank.

For such a big company it's hillarious the incomptence that can be hidden by fancy suits and expensive lifestyles. If you want to work with anything digital, don't go here. "Innovation" or "that's new and fresh" is doing what other companies have been doing for ten years.

Incompetent management layers hide behind "new strategy" "agile process" "more speed" - it's all made to hide their incompetence. Nordea is an incompetent bureaucracy nightmare.. Cost Cutting strategy is not good. Some manages were little arrogant, but may be because it was a busy season
Not that great of culture. Culture, non-international, restrictive limits, cantine. It is not as efficient and flat as the other major banks in Europe. Decision-making process takes really long. Big company, which can create long decision processes. long work times and may be stressful. Takes a long time to carry out a process. no diversity. Please review your HR data in terms of diversity. This is not only by sex! In Poland more than 80% of your leadership team comes from the same company (everyone knows what I am talking about). This make your company down.  Financial sector is very demanding right now. I'm not saying digitization but also complexity of external environments and the speed of the changes that the Bank must review and assess. If you continue hiring and promoting only people from this company you will lose competent staff who weren't their colleagues from the previous place of employment.  Nordea Nordic is an excellent Bank but you Center is far from this.. Many of the tasks are not a long-term contribution, but a quick fix.. Static and repeated work duties. I can't think of any.. Chaotic management
Low quality
Many unimportant meetings. - low salaries
- lack of benefits. Bureaucracy, incompetence tolerated, old boys network. Lower level managers and team leaders lack basic knowledge of banking. Poor salaries relative to competitors.. Inexperienced people and a lot of bureaucracy. Guys are very nice and Gud experience. Achieving a promotion is difficult. in some departments there is a new current to hire managers form the city  that has contributed to reduce the internal  balance at the departments. Small US Operations, meaning limited career advancement opportunities.. Bad reputation in the public. can be somewhat bureaucratic. easy to feel distant from management.. - Everything from IT to HR is structured in a way that requires you to either fill countless forms or send multiple emails, sometimes both. A relatively simple task such as installing Adobe creative suite, took 6 months worth of paper work, until the request was finally declined,  because Adobe's software is considered harmful. 
- Things are often done in a certain way, "because we have always done it likes this" or because some other process requires it like that
- You are forced work on the same project for years, despite voicing your concerns that the project is slowing down your learning and skill development
- People and parts of the organisation who you have never met, can easily affect your working, and stop your project's progress without any sensible reason.
- The seems to be two required qualifications for being a manager in this company:
1. You've spent close to 10 years working in this company
2. You've never worked anywhere else, and don't know any other way than the "Nordea way"
- 95% of the meetings are completely useless 
- Majority of people have no idea what words such as lean and agile means
- Those who have heard the two words described previously, paint the walls with them, but seems be using their own definition of it.
- It something is new, you're most likely not allowed to use it.. Needs to improve compensation policy.. A bit fresh department in Warsaw, everything is still being worked out.. Focus on internal communication
Need more attention towards the work environment
HR out of touch. The Company is unstable. I had 4 different managers in 1.5 years in the same role.
Unreasonable salary gaps between employees in the same role.. I worked in a remote office so for me the location was the major con. In order to receive these opportunities, students must be responsible for showing interest in pursuing new opportunities in the first place.. Gets repetitive after some time. A lot of senior people in IT who never actually wrote a program gives is a very nontransparent PMO feel chain of command. Fixed salary for 2 years. Nordea is very bureaucratic and everything takes time. Overall the company has made some drastic decisions regarding its employees, which has been needed in times, where the technology is taking over. However, these changes has been quite fast in the sense that customer service has been compromised.. Incredibly messy structure and quite old fashioned way to look upon leadership. Swedish language is made  compulsory.. The organisation is very big and lot of politics and buracracy. Work may be boring, long hours. Not so many career development opportunities. Parking issues, And no other issue. The bank itself was a great place to work, just some of the staff were lazy and it caused problems with other members of staff. Bad management staff. Insecure employer.. inefficient management and communication between different departments. Work can get repetitive and days can feel long. Changes are slow because we a big organization so strategy changes are kind a slow.. - It has too much bureaucracy. - in digital area utmost inability to deliver anything that has been promised at any level of management - from board to team leads
- held hostage by insiders in digital/IT area with 15-20+ years of track record; they torpedo any attempt at running things differently while at the same time are unable to deliver working code, designs or processes
- management terrified with poking the old-timers, therefore almost all of external professionals brought in to build new digital leave within 12-24 months
- Nordea has the 4th management and expert team and change process in Digital Banking  to drive transformation in the period of 3 years - what a roller-coaster!. -Monotony of tasks as time passes
-. An organization that is going through a large transformation, unstructured processes and much cost-cutting. * Large org = slow progress
* Managers are often in another country
* Top managed. Arrogant HR and mid-managers have lowest integrity. Not good technologies and compensation. There aren't on boarding procedures. Below average salaries
Poor compensation for going the extra mile. annual increases - be careful what they promise. A bit too much routine work, all the different compliance rules, salary wise could be a lot better.. - There is a will against change built into the walls. Way to many employees that are making money for encumbering others to do their job.. Old school approach, lack of communication. The culture is not always the best at Nordea, however I come from an IT background where the culture is a bit different and looks at the company culture differently.. New applications only slowly implemented. Rarely get feedback on performance. No specific cons about the company. Unless you are willing to move around to different areas, not much in the way for upward mobility. A few people have managed it, but a struggle for most.. Little opportunities for career development. Unclear processes, no clear policy in promotion. Big organization, hard to get recognized.. Needs more global exposure imo. Can at times be too large. There is not enough ambition to be the best bank for the customers.. no opportunities to develop, strange boss. Very slow progress, slow advancement. They are restructuring their processes right now and being in transition makes it a bit messy in terms of processes.. Some signs of organisational inerita here and there, nothing unusual for a company of this size.. Still a lot of old school mentality in some parts, politics, and protecting your own. There is minimal room for advancement in the New York branch.  Senior management shares little information with its staff and one will need to read the annual report or internet to learn where the bank is heading.. some time or places are very political, difficult to promote young and talent people.. Lack of strategic vision guiding many decisions is causing uncertainty in the organisation.. - Business organization has not adopted the agile way of working, although IT organization has. Big struggle to align and meet expectation
- Many re-organizations and frustration among staff, not knowing which team to belong to or what tasks employees will have
- Poor alignment on management level between departments (many initiatives are being worked on in different departments, similar initiatives). Lack of feedback from managers. The bank is set up to heavily depend on mid-level management, but talent at such level is lacking because of heavy burn-out departures.  There is chaos throughout the bank with outdated IT systems and complete failure to comply with regulation.. It was not very easy to change position to a more advanced one. Even though I had the right profile, management didn't offer help in to achieve a more advanced position.. *monotomous work
* standard procedures in everything. Big organisation in constant transformation, which is great but slows down development.
Some departments are under-funded and some have too much.
Salary is hard to negotiate upwards.. The job can be quite repetitive and the students were not very integrated with the rest of the staff.. - Lack of career progress
- Lots of turbulence in the middle management
- Generally people are not happy about the results of their work
- Reluctant to give raises, hard work is not appreciated. Way too many consultants
Very retail focused
Many change projects running across the bank simultaneously 
Management spread out across the Nordics. Not the best salary payer on the market, should be more open for innovations. Social benefits are way below average. Level of stress might get high and does not go down in a short time.. Unbelievably bad IT infrastructure, manager might be located far away,. Can easily get more tasks than you can manage to complete within your work schedule, some tasks can be rather boring once in a while.. It is really hard for a worker on customer service to advance within the nordea concern.. Typical bureaucracy of a large bank. Slow to implement changes, had one team leader who failed to lead in any way, career opportunities outside of Scandinavia quite limited. Building facilities (copenhagen). Too many people at one place.. Concentrated to Nordics, not as international as other global banks.. Low salary, there is nothing more to add.. The company tends to be only Nordic centric. didnt find any, just moved to another country. No challenge or motivation
Everything is good until you resign. - Limited room for growth
- Bonuses for business unit staff isn't clear.  It doesn't seem to matter whether a portfolio performs well or not.  
- Compensation isn't market competitive
- Competition is limited (double-edged sword). Big company, a bit slow and laid back. Not a lot of information and help to look around at other departments in the company. The company have had a somewhat bad reputation recently.. No as such as CR are well managed and monitored.. Can be hard to move upwards in the branch as not that many opportunities. Slow to implement changes. Very tight change management control.. The work gets repetitive after a while. Not up to the latest technology and process kills you.. Very top-down approach to management. Very changeable environment at this point, have had some scandals lately not good, and. Difficult to advance to higher positions at other departments within the bank. Not very intellectually stimulating after working there for about a year.. You could easily get lost in the large organisation like Nordea
Not very clear promotion path. You need to wait for very long to be promoted. Sometimes it is better to quit and go back to a new (better) position. Bad management, bad opportunities. Could be more locations worldwide. Very flat organization resulting in zero development possibilities, especially if you aim for people management positions. Not investing a lot in external education, relays primarily on internal knowledge transfer.. Not been here long enough to notice anything worth writing here. Average salary,  hard to get promoted and progress in your career,  hard to increase knowledge base, no money for the courses, bad process planning. Cannot think of any cons.. Conservativeness but I think this has been considered as a con so it could be change withing coming years.. Endless discussions, paralysis of decision-making. Arrogant attitude of colleagues from Denmark. Silo thinking. Limited ability to self-improvement. Fuzzy responsibility. Excell- driven company.. To much focus on shareholders/the stock price.. They do not spend money on educating their employees.. Job not that giving, limited opportunities for self-development. Very centralised management, not very oriented towards listening to employees wishes. Limited time to work at own projects compared to other companies, as the focus in only on generating profit. Very bad renommé after Panama Papers.. Compensation could be better in some aspects.. I can´t say any cons. No comment on this, had a good time working there.. Small salary level which is hard to increase when moving inside the house. Banking, not a fast pace environment. There are currently no Cons.. - only good experiences so far. Management enjoys bullying people. been reorganized at least 10 times over the last 2 years. There is a real enjoyment going on about how managers gladly show theirs is bigger than yours.. computer systems are a little antiquated.. The company is small so you have to do a lot of different things and can't focus on one particular area of expertise (some might see this as a pro). Too little responsibilities, as well as growth.. Can not find anything. You have to work hard.. Very rigid structure and conservative culture. Salary is still not enough, if you have to pay for example loans to another country.
Polish labor law is confusing :-|. Rare for upward advancement. Sometimes communication fails with other departments, and especially when implementing new regulations there are usually some issues.. career advancement is non existant. HR have a lot of sway in all matters and it impinges on the business to hire who they really need for roles.. Can be more flexible in terms of changes. a lot of bureaucracy but this is very typical for big financial companies.. Minimum wage, no training. nothing serious enough to be mentioned ). poor middle level management and HR, lack of internal social responsibility, investment into employee relations. Poor compensation compared to industry standards, too laid back, little room to navigate career wise. Long decision process. No clear tasks when start. Low collaboration, few career advancement opportunitites, not very diverse. Some times things are moving slow. Difficult to gain strong understanding of a banks operations. Not always easy to obtain information from the banks specifically.. Static, which makes it boring after 12 months. Mainly in the Nordics
You will be seriously challenged. Costing focus. Not much money spending on activities.. All the cons of a big corporate. Sometimes the work you do gets lost in the system and you never see how it affected anything or helped anyone.. Management isn't always on point. A lot of the team leaders are not really leaders as much as specialists who have been promoted "incorrectly".. - Inbalance between the countries higher up in the leadership
- Some difficulties in fully implementing performance management due to long-serving employees
- Some difficulties in moving between departments due to pre-selected candidates and lack of HR processes moving people between departments. lack of porcesses and clear responsibilities. Very cost concious organisation making it hard to invest in growth.. Boring job after a while.. No training or career advancement opportunities unless your working for the core profit centers. As the core of Nordea in Luxembourg was a Danish bank, Danes are still slightly privileged vis a vis other nationalities. Organization not as flat as advertised.. Not many opportunities to network between business units, you have to seek out those opportunities yourself. Scandinavian bank so not many international opportunities outside northern Europe.. Close to non, but in my position we don't have the perks that the rest of Nordea employees have, that sucks.. Intense, fast-paced environment. Can be cut-throat at times. not the most exciting work tasks. Sometimes difficult to know what one is expected to focus on when on the job. Given the nature of the job, the amount of customers can sometimes be overwhelming.. Too slow in terms of process and planning.. Not much things to learn. The work is always pretty similar. A big bank at least in Sweden do not attract the best people especially in IT where there are other employers that are much more popular. This gives that you will spend a lot of time trying to get bored people to work (getting them to think is harder). There is a lot of initiativ unfortunately Nordea trusts consults more then they trust there own employees.. The 'new normal' strategy simply meant cost cutting so no budget for new challenging projects. Besides the company wasn't too innovative. It's a large organisation which adds a natural complexity when performing your duties. A bit too regional and nordic related. Not much, maybe some more fun and afterwork activities at the office, but that can be easily changed.. Not much - maybe more afterwork activities once in a while but this can be easily improved.. There is very limited to no potential for growth.. Large organisation with much bureaucracy. Required to work at least 20 hours a week besides studying. Management is male dominant. It is a small environment. It isn't always easy to figure out where the company is going tactically.  One can become deadended if one isn't careful.. Nothing specific. I like it mostly.. Salary could be more competitive.. didnt find any cons actually. The company ometimes feels a bit to big. There is no performance based renumeration, but everyone can be awarded with "senior, expert of chief" title. Technology is outdated and customers are exposed to systems failures on daily basis. Even consultants cannot make a difference. Employees average age is high and most of them lack proper education and motivation to accept that world is changing towards digital communication.. At my position there weren't a lot of room for entrepreneurial activity or engagement - which is something I find crucial in order to prosper.. IT-infrastructure is inefficient and old. Everyone greats and smiles to your face.Not because they are your friends but that is the bank policy.Once you stabbed from back you will wonder which one of them did it.Probably you will never find out!. - can be bad work/life balance - depends
- pay is under avg.
- not all managers are up to par
- outdated technology in many parts of the business
- constant change. A lot of people who are satisfied working in the same position for 20 years...
Some managers just simply don't have a clue what their workers think about them or how to lead.... Very little opportunity to move up unless you are from Scandinavia. New York branch in small , employee total wise and people rarely quit, do not expect advancement. salaries, salaries, salaries, salaries and one more time salaries. Sometimes too much focus on the short term. Career development must come from yourself, i.e. create your own opportunities (of which there are plenty). Only so-so focus on further education.. With the new setup of landscapes in the environment for the office it is hard to get time by yourself.. Small U.S. branch so opportunties for advancement are limited. Salary could be better. Room for improvement.. Highest management is living in their own vision, making decisions and changing strategic vision every other year, not realizing that those changes in course are never reaching the people who actually do the job.

The organizational structure is overwhelming, in other words, gap between production lines and management is way too big, filled with irrationally long list of different managers at different levels.

Career growth in sense of position and competence change exists only in theory, in reality you do the same things for years.. - Salary not changing for years
- Unclear professional development goals, thus it is really hard to be promoted
- Non-ambitious culture: no sense of urgency, no striving to be the best (or at least better than competitors), laziness (people are on holidays every second month) 
- No structure in IT systems and tools
- Silo thinking and lack of collaboration  - every department has it's own standards, business processes, ways of working, IT systems and tools. Some of the challenges include IT systems, work atmosphere at some departments and general lack of motivation amongst low-performers. Old computer system and slow adoption of customer driven tech. A history of mergers and acquisitions has left the company with significant redundancy issues and poor communication between Scandinavian head offices. There could be a greater focus on reducing bureaucracy and improving digital communication, or consolidating corporate functions from Stockholm to the Copenhagen office.. - Slightly conservative and bureaucratic (as all banks)
- Not market-leading in compensation, because they do not need it to attract the best people. Big organisation with a bit political air.. Company is small (in New York) so I fyou are looking to goin a large firm you may need to step your way up. Routine tasks and a slow and old organisation. Very limited opportunities to grow and develop and they dont properly take care of the career advancement of their employees.. My only downside was my lack of a Scandanavian language. salary is quite low and politics runs the organisation. Political, cultural differences between the Scandinavian contries. - non user friendly IT systems that deminish efficiency. Hot and stuffy during the Summer in the Capital Market Flooor. Nepotism
Gatekeeping-middle-management that keep you out from further advancement within the bank
Salaries are a joke
60% taxation of your salary if you work in the Nordic Region. Very competitive environment, aiming to keep the high achievers. Middle-management should be ready to take decisions and take on more responsibility. Introduce more of a performance culture, and make it more clear what people are measured on and what it takes to be successful.. Vey sales oriented and little room for creativity. Sometimes there's a lack of communication, management could be stronger in decision making and more supportive. Not all units are highly professional therefore some gaps in cooperation occur.. the place is really retarded with absolutely clueless management and no incentive for employees to perform or learn. i have never seen so many unenthusiastic people. No room for growth within the department, and no option of moving between departments. This is a great company to retire from, not the best mid career.. Bureaucratic system, too little influence on the overall result, some of the buildings/offices are old and outdated, no personal contact to the top management. Feedback can often  be lacking when needed. Technologies are old and sometimes very slow. Stress is increasing over time as increase list of  responsibilities. Unfortunately, salary does not reflect it. A lot of talks about promotion opportunity but it is easy to get one.. Management does give some possibility of career advancement but are not very flexible in career changes, if you start in one area the hr-partner will not let you go into another area. It's a very old school mentality of "stay where you started", if you start in retail banking you wont be able to move into another area for example. 

Nordea is VERY sales aggressive and will almost chase you to death with goals and sales fulfilment. They set goals that are laughable when you consider there is no bonus for reaching the goals - why should you bother? They offer a movie ticket for working your ass off, or similar childish bonuses. Everything is about sales results, at the expense of giving good help to customers. Focusing on Markets only - related to my responsibilities of operational and technology improvement, Nordea Markets are VERY poor at running projects and doing technology improvement. Furthermore, the technology and operational infrastructure is manifestly not aligned or fit for purpose, operations very often being held together by numerous unnecessary and obscure manual processes. 

This status is OK except for the fact that I am a highly experienced asset from industries that are incredibly more competent than the management, technology and operational people here. However, it appears that there is no desire to try and learn or improve, or examine my suggestions (numerous) on how to address glaring issues in process and technology - due to the wholly unfounded belief of the ones with the positional power that they are actually good at this stuff. 

There is also a load of power games getting in the way - FRC are the biggest culprits.

If you are given responsibility for a project, forget about having any control or directional authority. Everyone is an expert in everything (except, curiously, fail to identify in detail their needs when put under the spotlight), cannot distinguish process from solution, and will fail to be directed during a project.

Finally, everyone - I mean everyone (I wouldn't rule out cleaners and kitchen staff in this either!) - think solely in terms of IT and have absolutely no idea on how to separate the WHAT from the HOW, which somewhat hampers the making of right choices during significant change projects.. There's a lot of admin and book-keeping around actually doing the job.

Can be difficult to get new ideas accepted.. too traditional and relyctant to change. Typical Japanese bank culture d. Company are run by incompetent and irresponsible mid level management. Many got the promotion due to the ability of entertain the management but horrible fact based result. Negative culture such as office politics, favourism, back talking are encouraged.. Poor technology, mixed senior management guidance. No promotion / career progression, lower monthly salary, some Japanese working culture in a certain teams. Technology is old. Need update.. very low pay. below market aver. too fun to work here. Company Politics, Limited Advancement Opportunities, Poor Management. There's not much growth. Slightly rigid.. Bad reputation on it's services, e.g. ATM troubles, overseas transfer stops entirely etc.
Super extreme micro-management
All works based on SOPs, you will have no creativity for the job
Bad infrastructure for internal system. International Acquisition finance had a terrible culture. Awful remuneration. Old bureaucratic organization
Low global competitiveness. Silo’d, highly centralized, favoritism sometimes at play. So many. So, so many. Don't work here. It's not a good place. - low pay and bonus
- little training (at least in my group)
- lack of strategy in the Americas 
- high junior turnover 
- very bureaucratic. Some systems are stuck in the 80s
- Japanese at its core
- very weak in advisory and M&A. Some in management do not understand US financial markets. The salary is relatively cheaper than competitors among the similar tier.. Mandatory Work from Office for few projects, Unplanned project milestones. technologies are not up to date. Salary underpaid compared to most 
Not much growth for higher positions. bureaucracy, working hours, lack of upward mobility. system-wise need a lot of improvement
benefit so-so. Long working hours and mediocre bonus. Not really much to say, overall is okay. Not a global firm
Lots of tedious paperwork. Slow decision making, hierarchical in nature.. Stagnant growth and low salary structure. Rigid working hours
Lack of career progression. Company balance sheet is no good, budget problem for many key projects. Salary increase is incredibly little.. Can get very busy at times. Not much flexibility in the company. - very slow in decision making 
- don't have clear strategy. Depending on departments, no work life balance. Nothing comes to my mind.. Ninguna desventaja todo muy bien. I do not recommend this company.

Technology / Infrastructure is outdated and decades beyond standards. There is a lack of investment and modern approach in technology. They think that having a brand new Symphony chat can solve all their structural problems.
Staff obliged to do a large degree of manual work that in the modern era, is effectively obsolete.
The Japanese management is just demanding but are not capable of driving by examples. Non-Japanese people obviously leave very quickly. 
Even if you had covid and relatives in reanimation, they are capable to put the blame on a junior individual who is blocked by the deprecated tech available at Mizuho, when clearly problems are with the overall absence of a tech development strategy which is ages beyond competitors who have spent money and time to create successful big teams working 24/5 to create state of the art automatised systems. 
Decision making is slow. Processes are overly bureaucratic.
All these issues are very evident, but management is still wondering why they have issues and are falling behind competitors.
Benefits are lacking things like fruit in the office, emergency back-up care.. Not so much technology oriented. Dead end job. No career advancement. Terrible work culture. Super underpaid. Most other employees are contractors or really old. No communication. They slashed my benefits almost every year. Really behind in tech and won’t really learn any skills. Just either get out or don’t take this job.. great place to learn the process. Traditional 
Bureaucracy 
hierarchy 
Slow-pace 
No freedom
Strict Rules
Difficult to choose your career. Red tape and lengthy approval process sometimes.. NY Office is like working in a sardine can. American Management is very weak.. Hours can be a bit long, but that is run of the course in this industry.. Japanese work culture not everyones cup of tea. slow salary growth, average bonus payout. Slow process
too many Japanese expats
out of date system
limited flexibility. Japanese culture, must report punctually at 830am, unnecessary work practices. Less career opportunities and slow promotion. ton of jobs and long hours. layers upon layers of approval. no delegation of authority. Big Company, lots of procedures, dated systems. Repetitive banking assignments and not enough communications sometimes.. Decision making process and time. Slow career progression. Salary may be lower compared to market. Low comp no chance for advancing. No opportunity and career path. Management inflexibility.. Base salary can be considered low. Less improve space as less head account. The very strict information management. Inefficient processes, old technology needs to be upgraded. Too many system for work. - At times the firm can be very bureaucratic.. Average pay for IBD department. Low compensation, need more reward programs. Too much work. Almost 12 hours every single day. No laxed time in between. Mistakes are almost forbidden. Very high pressure job and becomes tiring after a while.. With heavy Japanese senior leadership, sometimes there can be a breakdown in communication. - unrealistic expectations from an hours standpoint
- most senior bankers have no regard for junior teams well being
- company preaches strong culture within IB but does little to cultivate it
- deal volume and prestige is below most of the street. Usual Japanese bureaucracy and admin. COVID put a dent in team gel, but mojo is coming back. Commuting time but nothing else. Overall positive. Different individuals will have different perspectives. many old local Singapore staffs in the bank who are reluctant to change as afraid to affect their rice bowl.
office politics behind the scene as most staffs join via the traditional introduction and recommendation during the old days.
More interested in protecting self than making profit for the bank .
Sad for the shareholders with majority of these type of attitude as it will affect the long term business and profitability of the bank.. No work from home option. too many hours, even work in holidays and weekends. low base salary, not much career growth. None for me really as I was blessed to be part of this company.. Good company to work for. Some cultural challenges from Tokyo. Nothing much loved them to bits. No growth or development opportunities. Company is top 10 global bank that has funded the fossil industry in recent years - whilst sustainability measures have been introduced in April 2020 there are clear loopholes in Mizuho’s commitment to building a sustainable portfolio
Clash between inherent Japanese culture and local office culture
Documented cronyism amongst legacy staff
Lack of accountability across the board
Lack of investment in IT infrastructure and tools, and staff training - tools available for staff to complete basic work duties severely lacking, with staff undergoing a large degree of manual work that in the modern era, is effectively obsolete - I do not recommend this company to any young professionals who are looking to expand their skillset as majority of work generally is data entry
Reactive culture rather than proactive
No global IT strategy has lead to local offices adopting their local own IT strategies,  leading to bloated system and service portfolios across the board that are expensive and difficult to support and maintain
Only recently adopted a wfh policy due to COVID-19 - flexible working was not an option otherwise. No cons to provide currently. Everything is a con particularly the lack of talent.. communication between department needs to be improved. Management are often slow, IT systems need to be upgraded.. Strict on in-time. One min late and u r half day to office. Hard to convince managers to take long vacation leave. Too big to work for me. No cons as of yet. Nothing to say on that as such. You may expect Japanese culture. Hard to get promoted and not much technical training offered. Concerns about work environment brought up to management and HR are not addressed. Not a lot of opportunity for career growth. No recognition for job well done.. Terrible place with terrible people. Depending on the top manager. training could be better and streamlined. Very political. You have to belong in a group to get promoted, survive.. Too traditional in the way they operate and inefficient. Work load matches to capabilities, learning curve is so-so after some time. No growth, management is dormant. Hierarchical, age based promotions, but things are changing albeit very slowly.. Improvements in operation normally needs more proactive pushing to be initiated. Some cultural sensitivity needs to be recognised.. Japanese senior management, some Japanese English needs improvement. It was difficult to ge promoted even you achieved the highest KPI score in the department. Salary for new graduates are low.. More automation needed through out the Bank. They are very inflexible in their ways of thinking and doing things.. As a non Japanese you are treated as irrelevant in all matters. You do not have a worthy opinion and your ideas to make any improvements are not welcome.. Conservative, Men-centered, inefficient work system. Slow to change. Reactive more than proactive.. It takes a little longer to get promoted. middle market shop, good balance sheet. Changed a lot, but still very Japanese.. Too many managers. Need more man power than managers. It is very slow to be promoted.
Work hours are increased.. Work life balance, office politics. Small size in my country. I didn’t find many negative aspects to the company. Where to begin? Never been a part of an organization, work or otherwise, where discontent is so widely shared. It's a given at Mizuho that everybody is just putting one foot in front of the other. Going above and beyond is neither recognized nor expected. 

In NYC, it's all fear-based and revolves around living in fear of the Tokyo office. A largely unimpressive workforce from top to bottom. 

Technology is so obsolete I'm not sure how they've survived the pandemic. The focus is on paper pushing over analysis, and by paper, I mean the company literally operates only with physical paper. 

Primary values include rank-and-file organization, don't speak up or speak out, women are 2nd class, never lock eyes with an old Japanese man, etc.. Incompetent management, department head, manager. Promotion is based on ability to fail to meet KPI, ability to sweet talking and creating issue to the bank. Everywhere is gossiping and playing office politics even the bank every year making losses. The expat always crossing the line of disrespectful of local culture and local law.. The entities are too complicated.. These is nothing to report here. Still dominant domestic working culture.. Made Redundant after many years service. A little too Slow pace at times. work & life unbalance, human relationship, friendly environment, senior management. Manual work with many layers of control procedures.. Not sure what to say.. Processes and infrastructure are antiquated. Systems need a massive overhaul. Banking team wins very little advisory business in the US.. Lack of guidance, recent employee turnover very high in a front office department 

Limited room for progression + promotion not based on performance or contributions; favoritism evident especially in HK Securities side (can get be analyst-VP in 3 years without being capable) 

most people want to leave. Company is run by Japanese ex-pats. Mizuho still needs to bring together the various entities that operate in the Americas, including from a technology perspective. Good progress has been but it still not finished.. difficult to get a promotion, not learning new things, lots of manual work, old school software to work with. - Low cultural diversity
- Hierarchical and conservative. Outdated systems
Evaluation without a real impact on your career
Confuse hierarch
Low bonus. - overly bureaucratic, manager just sleeps whenever he can openly, smokes multiple times a day and keep checking on what you are doing 
- language barrier, unless you are japanese or speak some japanese, generally you will not have much communications
- everything refers back to HQ
- glass-ceiling, no hope for promotion, all team managers are from Japan
- every 3 years you will have change of team manager as there is this culture where people will get rotated to different department so your manager could be a new joiner who has zero experience in what your department is doing. complex layers of business decision. Poor working environment and culture. Lack of leadership at every level to transform.. The amount of work could be stressful. The expectation is pretty high as the firm's culture is best described as risk averse.. Lack of change, pace is slow. a bit hierarchical with a complex credit process. Others could jeopardize you if they didn't like you. back stabbers and underhanded. Some admins stayed just to make the over time and didn't have work to do - manager approved which meant the admins approved themselves most of the time.. Poor senior management and low staff retention.. Clueless management, lack of direction and strategy. Most able staff have left leaving mediocre workforce in place at best. Expect operations outside of Asia to collapse.. nothing is downsides of working in Mizuho.. Culture 
Politics 
Low exit opportunity 
Brand. Bureaucratic, low motivation for most of the employees. IT could be improved and made more reliable. too stable and few people are motivated. Salary Is not the best compared to other banks. Very cautious, no working from home, some very old technology still in use. Lack of investment and modern approach in technology.  Some highly skilled people doing 1st line work. Any strategic actions are slower than competitors. graduate programme is less structured. Bad people (mainly British who forget they are working for a Japanese bank), bad management in Treasury and few back office teams (don't listen to employees or their hierarchy), bad environment in a lot of teams. Slow decision making, everything goes back to Tokyo , difficult culture to adapt to. Promotion, long working hours ot. Difficult to move up if you are not Japanese. A lot of document and procedures. The company tried to promote the paperless but since the working process require a lot of document so it could not really help reduce paper. 

The salary is lower than average and the incremental of salary could be too small. During the tough situation of economics, the company only give 1-2% salary incremental each year. 

Since this is a Japanese Company, you will definitely have Japanese boss and everything is depend on the boss. The working style is highly depend on each boss. 

As a Japanese company, you need to come to work on time and leave the office a little later.. Partly slow and old fashion. Cost cutting means no investment in new technology, expected to work a lot of overtime, blame culture, never-ending squabbling over project budgets due to recent cuts, intense micro-management due to budget constraints.. Illegal HR practices, expats from Japan are overpaid to go out drinking and play golf for three years before going back to Japan, local managers are micromanaged and/or ignored with Japan running everything, IT / infrastructure is decades behind the curve.. there are many ppl who don't work. Senior management was overly demanding creating a hostile work environment.. too many tedious work and typical Japanese organizational structure. no growth, too much turnover. Low salaries compared to general jobs. Some very old-school systems, can be frustrating. Middle management very political, decisions made for their benefit.. Limited scope of job and lack of direction from management. Japanese traditional style would not suit for everyone.. Low pay and long hour. Systems are very old fashion.. - Low salaries for an Investment Bank
- Intense work culture (usually till 2-3am). Promotions very much depend on your immediate bosses.. Low basic pay n increment. This is a very toxic and hostile work  environment. There are known cases of bullying and harassment.  Management refuses to acknowledge it . There is no advancement within the company. They pay is poor. They entice you with the yearly bonus but the bonuses are a joke. People get thrown under the bus on a daily basis. There is no sense of camaraderie  among the peers. The people who work there longer then a year or two become bitter and unhappy.   Everything is outdated.  The software, the equipment. People sit a desk that are falling apart .. No Job Stability , Use Outdated technology , Still pen , paper , printouts , go door to door for signatures.
No competitive pay, Management is very partiality with pay, some people get more than they deserve some gets not much after service for 20+ years, hired outsider as Department Head who knows nothing about procedure. No Choice now time to retire.
 Building interior is very old , carpet is nasty , we have been told will move to other building(2 years ago).  Management change every two year and again same reason , will look in to it. Nothing as of now.. strained inter-personal and inter-departmental relations. Toxic place to work in. Management does not know how to manage . Period.. Very poor global outlook. Rigid Japanese management style.. little increment,can not make mistakes. lack of coordination to deliver at times. Has a culture of overwork. Colleagues are unhappy and it bleeds into daily interactions. A few very competent people are doing all the work while others coast.. -IT systems are quite slow but there have been improvements. Limited growth opportunity with no clear career development plan. Less aggressive compared to BTMU, SMBC. Associates do not do their work.. Flat org chart, possible rotation to departments you might not like. The work is so easy that it will soon be taken over by automation
Labor work is more
It's too easy and some people like it. Not the best salaries here. Outdated systems and infrastructure, pay was at or below industry standard. Many people stuck around for pension plan which was recently abolished. Japanese culture can be too conservative compared to American banks and not being able to adopt change quickly.. Systems are a bit slow but IT personnel have been very responsive and helpful.. High turnover rates, in spite of the great benefits; rare to find someone who's been there for more than 2 years.  People leave because of the disorganization.  Poor communication among colleagues, and no structure.  You have upper management making inflated salaries and holding phony important titles who don't bother to show up to work, and when they do, they  have nothing meaningful to contribute.  I had a boss who played video games in his office!  I requested a box of tissues and was told, that's not something they provide.  People are fired haphazardly so the enviroment is always so tense.  The best decision I ever made was to walk out the door and never look back.   The office manager, who held a VP title, showed up late, or didn't bother to show up at all.  She took multiple smoke breaks and never gave any practical, or structural advice to offer.  I did hear she fired, and rightly so, but had management bothered to find the right person, it could have saved the company a lot of time and money!. Slow; Japanese culture can get in the way; Tokyo has too much control; senior management rotations (every 2/3 yrs) can cause a headache especially in specialist roles; the bank genuinely wants to change its ways, however stop due to legacy reasons / risk averse / management do not understand. Toxic culture. There is no accountability. Some Department Heads are not qualified for their positions and their inexperience shows with abusive behavior towards their subordinates.. Technology needs an upgrade. Invest. Limited resources towards system development. Decision making can be lethargic. Email really needs to be changed to Outlook, which is much faster.. You might earn a little bit more salary in other company.. Limited ability to progress to senior management. Low salary, priorities given to external hires more, Japanese hierarchical culture. Not enough growth opportunity. Hours
Some people at the firm. Inflexibility to work from home. not a great place to work. people are favored by their service years, not by their performance. smart people leaving. waste of time being here good bye. Management 
Dead end job for most early / mid-career employees (Sr. Associate - Director / ED)
Cliquey / political as people defend meaningless fiefdoms (firm is largely made up of failed RBS bankers who couldn't land jobs elsewhere after the bank they helped destroy went t!ts up)
Sharp elbows at times / within certain groups; people generally act as if they work for a real investment bank but continuously fail to recognize they are essentially branch bankers working for a firm literally nobody on the Street cares about. Comp needs to meet performance/market par. Bank's internal or trade management technology needs to catch up with the street.. Low salaries, low bonuses, little career mobility. Garbage comp and bonuses compared to. other banks. Tech and processes are horrendous. Incredible amounts of waste.  You won't pick up any marketable skills here unless you choose to develop those skills on your own.. Late working hours and bad systems. No career path. Not so high salar. Bleeding market share. Poor technology. No investment. Nomura's ugly cousin.
New equity management is as expected from reputation, and that's not a good thing. Strategy meetings would register on the ADHD test. Child-like management of ther research department. Get out while you can.. Too many paperwork and not that goal-oriented. Due to centralization people are leaving. Late sitting and no cooperation. Corporate culture and structure is a bit too conservative. They are not flexible to international workers. Depending on the team, work life balance could be pretty bad. - Outlining job during interview in a different way than it actually is in order to get people on board
- No flexibility from company when it comes to working hours 
- Chasing customers with calls and visits 
- Power harassment in some areas
..... Changes are slow and costly. Dealing with the HR regarding good pay is a pain. Japanese expect non Japanese to adhere to their culture. That is not realistic if you want to be a global organisation. Too much focus on domestic market, other offices (especially Europe) are not seen as strategic and therefore left to their own devices. Way too much staff turnover, even for investment banking standards. Profit is not very well these few years.. Too traditional
Some works are unreasonable.. - Poorly managed HR who does not take action on any feedback given
- Slow IT systems that do not run with current times: Still using lotus notes and ancient banking technology
- Toxic environment
- Salary is below market standards 
- Singapore branch is an embarrassment to this reputable Japanese company
- all the cons stated in other reviews are 100% true. Overly bureaucratic process imposed by Head Office and constant inteference process by them meant the the  time spent on form filling and documentation was twice as long as time spent the field work.  The benefits package is poor compared to English or American counterparts. Nothing really serious, it matters who is your boss !. Nothing to worry abt it. Work life balance
Poor management
Too much workloads
Poor system support. Low wage (below average), below average benefit. Too good to leave  here. There is nothing bad working here. No career path, male dominate, salary low. -Management does not care about the employees and does not help us grow/develop.
-There is a HORRIBLE work/life balance and if you put in 40-50 hours a week it's heavily frowned upon.
-Greatly understaffed and the message from management is, "too bad, deal with it."
-Increased work load due to changes in the company (new entities) and no increased headcount.
-The IT infrastructure is decades behind schedule and has DOUBLED the amount of time it takes to complete tasks.. Opportunities for Advancement. Pay below market. Restricted to   Japanese corporate clients and traditional type of banking. Software limitations.. Palakasan, workload, favoritism, low benefits and salary. Stockbrokers are proud and bossy people who look down on you because you don't bring in the money. Definite bias for non-local staff while local Singapore staff don't get any of the benefits that non-local staff get.. Speed to change, IT infrastructure, rigid and excessive bureaucracy. Absolute zero progress during 9 to 5 everyday. Outdated systems  & archaic employee benefits.. Japanese treated as superior to"non-Japanese" employees
Senior management only interested in their own selfish aims, so company has no direction
HR completely useless, just there to fill out forms and follow policies
Don't join if you want to use your brain, time is filled with many pointless and irrelevant tasks. From my experience I found MHI to be quite top down. Decision making is by those in the 'group' and everyone else has to just deal with it whether it's right or wrong. They have lost great people who were ready to inspire and take MHI to the next level only to be shut down or told their idea wasn't 'good enough'. Most of the staff are unhappy but stay because of the pay and the chance of a great bonus. There seems to be a lot of game playing and backstabbing which makes the environment quite hostile. Most people want to get on with their work but can't as they always have to watch their back. Occasionally you will see one person today, and they're gone tomorrow. Very interesting environment.. No room for grow and very difficult for promotion. Longer hours than most west coast banks, spent inefficiently
Comp much lower than street, despite promises
Lack of mentorship / training for junior level employees
Repetitive work that's not interesting
Toxic work culture
Unclear exit opportunities. Outdated technology and process, yet improvements are in the works.. Old outdated systems. Awful senior members. They keep making those below them quit and nobody steps in. HR ignore all problems.. Outdated systems although these are in a state of change.. Pay could be better.  Too much paper usage that goes to waste. Should digitalize more.. overall Good benefits. Great location. Messy policies and unfair culture. Low salary compared to market, unfriendly and unhelpful culture, filled with unmotivated people who will find all means to divert work to someone else. Systems are dated and inefficient buy the management is aware of this and changes are in the pipeline.. - Incompetent Employees holding key leadership positions across the organisation

- Poor infrastructure and processes

- Poor IT System

- Red Tape 

- Sheer Incompetence of Management who lost their organizational focus and direction 

- Zero opportunities for career progression. Few opportunities to work truly work cross functionally, poor communication from senior management,. - process driven 
- general managers rotate every 3-5 years from Japan to a completely new fields - big gap of knowledge, big strain on subordinates  
- highly bureaucratic, paperwork driven. Bureaucratic / slow changes. Low paid 
Strong Japanese culture. Slow promotion
Slow decision making
Low salary. Peoples value is not appropriately looked at. Favoritism and myopic vision is one big constraint for the senior management.. Technology being used is related old.. - Siloed work structure and mindset
- No information sharing
- Slow progress on diversity and employee engagement
- Pays poorly compared to similar companies. Job growth mobility is limited.  Some departments lack good customer service and response time.. Glass ceiling not many women at senior positions. Culture is often blind-obedience. Boss-oriented. Japanese cares most about their own career move so they say yes to everything to their boss and not having courage to respectfully suggest alternatives. This is detrimental to the business strategy and also affecting the local staff, cauaing unnecessary procedures, cost-cuts and less freedom. 

- Tokyo HQ policy is outdated and it's a black box no one wants to change the rules and everyone is afraid of making mistakes.

- They imposed strict Attendence record like a factory, not treating staff like professionals.. Technology is dated and can be challenging.. Low salary and Long working hours. There is no con I can think of. Very Japanese culture, below industry pay. Executive stuffs are old people who do not understand technology at all even if they are in charge of introducing innovative technologies to the huge banking group.. Rigid. No focus on training and development. Becomes stagnant and not competitive after staying a period of time.. Whilst recognised change is needed, very little is every implemented. Rotation system brings lack of stability and direction. Lagging behind and trying to catch up to competitors.. Typical Japanese company, inefficient process. Manual paper work, stringent attendance rule. Demanding with tight deadlines. Need to have thick skin and clear communication.. poor working environment, no growth opportunities. None that I can think of. Leadership is the most disorganized I've witnessed in my career. Initiatives change from one week to the next so often that half your work will be unused and long term projects never come to fruition as they are constantly thrown in the back log. Technology is nonexistent here, be ready to work with small screens and slow computers that will make any large data sets hell to work with. Internal data is a mess and caused problems daily for nearly everyone I interacted with during my time here; it's 2018 and still lacking a central database. As a result of all of this, team morale was often very poor.. There's nothing to say about it.. Slow in making change. Reactive rather then proactive. Top down approach. IT system in the dinosaurs' age. high job titles doesn't mean anything. No autonomy given. Company ranking dropped tremendously over the past few years. Expats treated like royals. No prior knowledge on their given role. Cut cost on locals and not Expats.. Working at Mizuho is like environment in the movie Office Space. Endless, pointless paper shuffling is the name of the game there. I had no idea morale could be so low. Also beware of LinkedIn and perhaps Glass Door reviews as the company’s HR (or some similar department) is pushing hard internally for inflated reviews. They are hand selecting people and asking them to write positive things on social media, likely in an effort to inflate the very negative perception of the company. They ask for feedback but it’s widely known that their HR people turn around and tell management that you’ve come to talk to HR, so don’t be surprised to see their HR respond to these reviews that people should have come to talk to them.. pressure and focus on sales target. Lack of resources, poor compensation unless hired externally.. Where do I start...
Horrible traditional Japanese working culture where people appreciate " appearing to be working hard" overworking smart and efficient
Juniors are forced to stay late even it's not necessary(if you have Japanese bosses)
Many of the expats Japanese cannot even speak proper English and lack of relevant experience for the role
Instead of keep cutting the costs of local office, the management should streamline the unnecessary expats(It seems like many Japanese expats' lifelong career goal is to become expats given the over-generous package they are receiving)
Below average pay and not a big brand recognition 
Inappropriateness and sexual harassment from Japanese boss is rather common. Power harassment is common. Senior Japanese management have serious racism towards non-Japanese...... unless you are cute and young lady. Expats managers have no idea at all what they are doing but only think of their own benefits. They sacrifice benefits of non-Japanese for their own sakes. Here, non-Japanese work for Japanese. No future at all. Never dream of change because there will never be.. There is a lot of room to improve on strategic corporate planning. Lack of IT infrastructure to support the business, almost everything is manual/paper based.
Employees should be empowered to make certain decisions instead of seeking higher authority for immaterial approvals.. Japanese culture, overall is flexible. recommended. Lack of diversification and innovation. no work from home at U.K. Sometimes it can be an issue translating Japanese work styles to fit the work style needed.. Too huge.   So many process to get an approval from management.. Not enough challenges, too slow paced. Lack of growth opportunities; outdated systems. Volatile Management Structure over many years. Too far from the city. Wrong people at all plave. Many important decisions made at Headquarters in Tokyo; Structured and conservative culture sometimes leads to slow decision makign. The local people including its management Mizuho hires are mostly eliminated by other major banks in NY becasue of the excellence and competency. It is a typical of garbage in and garbage out!. The entire finance organization need to be restructured.
Poor management ,internal controls deficient and high turnover.. Salary is not competitive. Simply a great place to work. - Japanese culture, you have to always obey to boss if he/she is japanese (local ok)
- average 1 month bonus. Complicated administrative procedures > Take a lot of time for administration. If you are lucky enough, you will probably find some nice professional people. But you will also see plenty are there for the monthly payments and don’t care what they know and what they don’t know. They blame other unrelated things to cover up their poor performance.. Need to adjust to culture to be more flexible and adaptive. multiple years later and still no real IB revenue or transactions. Too long time taken to answer all questions. THing to do are tedious.. no it system, ppl not helpful. Lack of career growth potential. Bureaucratic  with dominance of Japanese culture. No cons. Old school culture perfect to instil poor team ethos.. People in wrong roles on the Exec Committee. No any career progression at all. No learning.
Worst attitude 
People are disappointed and disrespectful
No growth. Rigid corporate structure, hard to get new ideas through. lack of work life balance and personal freedom. A certain administrative assistant had no management skills what's so ever. It felt like being back at school, being told to do something without being advised. Left me to look after a busy trading floor for a week, 3 DAYS INTO THE ROLE! she was "sick". Left out my start time was at 8:30 and not at 9, moaned about it for half the day and then says herself "oh I come in later some day if I'm tired". No wonder they offered £28k to someone with 2 years experience.. People do get laid off, but I haven't seen anyone get fired for incompetence. We had a department head sent from Home Office, who was so incompetent even the Japanese expats called him "Peter" as per "Peter principle".  Don't be fulled, there are some American "peters" as well. 

My healthcare benefits were bare bone.. Too many changes in short period  of time. -Women treated like second class citizens
-salaries for women much lower than for men
-women not given promotions compared to male counterparts. - senior management has virtually no understanding of the non-Japanese business and this filters it's way all the way down the chain within the bank
- hugely inefficient and arcane practices translate to large amounts of time spent on non value adding paperwork
- bank is very internally focused, priority is on internal processes and policies which often results in compromising the delivery of client service 
- branches and subsidiaries just like the million systems work in isolation
- little gender diversity. About 20 years behind technology and mindset.. serious, political culture, boring. Some of the operating processes are still very rigid.. Uncertainty arises post RBS acquisition. For example, lay off becomes normal on an annual basis. A decent amount of face time exists at certain department. Relatively conservative environment.. Nothing yet. Seems like a good company. Could do something more to strengthen the relationship of its employee among each other. Poor wages; low bonuses; huge wage gap between men and women; very low rate of advancement for qualified women; management doesn't care about low office morale; management doesn’t appreciate hard work nor do they compensate those that do work hard appropriately. 
Some very nasty staff members who look like sheep, but are wolves.. 1. Workaholic culture of Japanese
2. Gender inequality
3. Promotion based on tenure and age not on performance 
4. Toxic environment in some departments especially in the Japan desk
5. Being watched closely almost all the time (many CCTVs in the office). difficult for foreigners to flourish. Stagnant.
No real desire to look at new technology.. Current situation has called for very long hours which I hope will diminish over time.. Centralized processing. 




No core banking system. Low salaries, no opportunity to leave abroad, do not retain talents. Mostly a debt shop, heavily focused on corporate finance. No benefit for foreign brach staffs. Senior Management in the US is in over their heads.  Average bankers put in charge of a business that has grown beyond their capacity to lead it forward. Senior Management in Japan does not realize this about the Senior Management in the US, so it's not likely to improve any time soon. No really. I enjoyed working there very much.. long hours to work throughout week. I don't have any Cons.. 1. Many tasks are still manually done (with printed documents). 
2. Salary not competitive.
3. Career progress not guaranteed despite of performance. 
4. Rigid work environment.
5. Lack of training especially for fresh graduates.. No flexible working, no working from home
Management do not support their staff
Any grievances brought to HR will be whitewashed and management always sided with.
No respect for the work you do or the effort put in.
No career progression, people have been there for decades doing the same role. 
Too many people getting away with doing nothing.. Glass ceiling due to Japanese expats; Poor/outdated performance evaluation system; Lousy benefits. Antiquated IT system; understaffed teams. It's a Japanese company. Expect Japanese culture and hierarchy oriented leadership.  Systems and the way of doing business is fundamentally outdated.. This place is not run correctly at all. Every day I think about leaving.. Reluctance to launch new process and business. Little flexibility in work style.. Can be a very busy place with a lot of simultaneous projects.. Nothing I can think of because the place is just the best. Some business unit increasingly hires more of 'friends and family' of the few at the top got hired. Some MDs, treats their team like trash and constantly throwing out the idea that everyone is replaceable, which is demoralizing. overtime work, no holiday. - You aren't a person, but a dispensable number.
- Backstabbing, office politics.
- Crazy turnover of staff.
- Obsolete old software.
- Outdated practices,  ban on any remote work.

People are not just being disrespected, but they are unacknowledged, so they don't say hello to each other. There is a crazy staff turnover as people either quit or get fired by the management. Office politics and backstabbing is a sport at this company. If you aren't a quitter, your colleagues will backstab you to get you fired as what happened to quite a number of people!
The management sees backstabbing and office politics as more important than seeing work results. Senior management??? Well, they seems to be removed and detached from running of this company and certainly don't care about what is going on. Employees = dispensable dust.
I did not want to believe all the bad reviews here, but they were honest! Do yourself a favour and avoid this place. This stress isn't worth the money, no matter how much they pay you!. Bureaucratic. Glass ceiling for a non-Japanese.. Very poor management with lack of support for progression. It's not a good place to work (especially for women) since I witnessed several situations of gender and race discrimination which were totally unacceptable but Management and HR didn't do anything to help. In addition, there is a lot of bureaucracy and admin involved and there are several inefficient processes involved in each task or project. I don't recommend this Company to anyone. Even salaries are well below market average.. Ruin your originality your education your skills
End of day you are fresher 
Worst management. Outdated systems could do with a complete revamp of the ones they use not going to progress with what they currently have. inefficient and inflexible working practices
IT systems need to be upgraded in order to move away from labour intensive practices. Strict and anti social environment. Bonus is really good but base salary is not the best. Get rid of stupid people that create more problems than adding any value!. none of notes, being a large company it is difficult to get to know everyone in order to make a good network.. low pay, no upward mobility, japanese first when it comes to promotion. everything you  can think and even the ones you cant. Work environment is not very challenging.  People are hired lacking the work experience to do their jobs.  Technology is old and very inefficient.  It's like going back to the dark ages.  Bank is hiring lots of people, but very unqualified.  

Don't come here if you wish to be challenged. Rigid, not forward looking, not positive culture. With Mizuho businesses being merged, it's hard to know what my colleagues are working on.  I think a better understanding of areas outside my scope would be beneficial.  I'd love to know more about what M&A or equities or fixed income lines of businesses are working on.. Lack of career progression and low pay. - promotion depends on department, not on program (i.e. if you have more than 1 graduate in the department/many junior staff, you can jolly well wait for 3-5 years)
- no meaningful rotation in program
- no one takes ownership of this program, but everyone wants you to do something for them to impress their bosses
- HR / home dept are not receptive to feedback. No growth...laid back environment...nothing to learn. Nothing in particular. Had a good experience.. Could benefit from a more 21st century approach to working practices, home working is generally not offered.  Not a huge amount of career development opportunity - people do the same jobs for many years.. Political , unfair evaluation and treatment. - 1990s / 2000s in-house IT systems
- Highly resistant to changes
- Low talent retention
- Due to the above, high staff turnover
- Little career progression
- Below market compensation / salary
- Management doesn't listen to employees who give constructive feedback.. unbalanced job allocation, on-job training, complicated internal process.. Inexperienced staff across all levers of seniority. Micro management from Tokyo. No opportunities to learn the job on the job since not a lot of people understand what they are supposed to be doing.. Compensation package is on the lower end of the curve 
Rotating door senior management team results in inconsistent relationship strategy that confuses customers
Too much operational and administrative work
Low talent retention and high turnover
Lack of concern for career development of staff
Poor career progression within firm and progression externally
Unhealthy internal culture with infighting between teams
AML related concerns are more demanding than market standards and impossible to achieve 
Little female senior management and very male dominant senior management
Lack of clarity and direction from management with zero senior management support for transactions. Not available for this company.. Ancient technology - both internal and client facing.  Values process over results.
Credit process and culture is not up to market standard - too long, too cumbersome and lacks competitive perspective.
Cross-sell strategy has no teeth as products are largely inadequate.
Not a global Bank - too much power in the regions/branches.. the company is very controlled from Japanese HQ. technology is lagging but they are working on that. -dinosaur era IT system
- low talent retention
- do not care about career development of staff
- constant restructurings
- staff lack motivation
-management do not listen and generally do not care
-poor career progression
-pay lower than average market
-culture in certain teams are unhealthy. Legacy management hierarchy system.  Is not conducive to building a large corporate financing company in the US. Japanese expats in very senior positions without knowledge of the products unable to build the business.. Nothing really compared to other big banks, I love it more.. Organization is going through a process of reorganization of its U.S. operations to merge various branches and legal entities into one single entity. Path towards promotion is not 100% clear. Large portion of the current employees have in part of the organization for 5, 10 or more years, which denotes stability, but also causes challenges when trying to push through cultural changes and increase awareness of evolving market practices and regulatory demands.. - no real structure and training giving to someone coming in as a graduate/trainee. Fairly flat learning curve
- lack of enthusiasm in the office possibly due to the adverse working conditions and changes in the market.
- average age of the team was extremely high and therefore lacked motivation and aspiration to learn
- no team dynamic, fun or engagement
- Japanese management created greater divide between Western and Japanese employees. Very negative overall work environment as most employees felt overworked.. No growth in career path. 
low salaries. 
lack of vision or long term business strategy. Slow at decision making; very low tech. Not much opportunity to compete for full-time role. Not too aggressive in overall company strategies, quite general. Typical Japanese redundant management style.. Managers tend to be socially inept and disrespectful; technology is dated; rely too heavily on consultants. Poor management and leadership.
Lack of clarity and direction from management.
Minimal training provided to staff.
Poorly written policies and procedures.
Poor IT support and old computing system.
Still paper based approval process. 
Terrible political infighting.
Low salary pay.. Too many people. Sometimes too bureaucratic. Salary is low.Mizuho client network is not used enough..  Offices are too far away each otther.. No career prospects. Poor leadership in management. Poor py package. Not interesting projects and bad management. Required skill set is very high and hard work is default. Management decision is sometime very slow and always top-down approach. It doesn't work to fit such a fast pace changing world.. Overly bureaucratic Japanese management combined with local U.S. managers who do not understand Japan well.  Lots of cultural miscommunication and ugly political infighting. Too many to mention here. some bureaucracy, however everyone tried to work toward streamlining processes. Management does not care for your growth.
Can only grow if you are manager's favorite
Low salay. No upward mobility, awful management, ultimately the company has no idea what it is doing. A lot of restructuring but nothing that makes sense. Expats are impossible to work with. Tech is unbelievably behind the times. A long career at Mizuho is a waste of time. Japanese culture is extremely exclusive and uncomfortable. Senior Management not the most approachable. It's driven from top. Very little stay of local call. Whatever changes is done..same is done from top... Processes are strewn all over the place, getting a hang of it takes a lot of time and frustration
Pay increment is low, job progression dependent on experience, not credentials or capabilities. Bonuses and raises are handed out way too late.  I understand the fiscal year ends in March, but we should know our bonuses/raises sooner such as the first or second week in April, not in May or June.

Outdated and obsolete systems. 

Pay and raises could be better.. + Pathetic IT Infrastructure
+ Paper driven culture reminds of Public sector Banks of '80s
+ Sub Standard talent hugely hampers learning curve
+ Management has no clue about anything whether be it business, internal politics, staff development
+ Japanese Management is mechanical and checklist driven in approach, which leads to delay in decision making and actions
+ No Training to staff about Policies, Systems which leads to mistakes and waste of time
+ Employees are highly demotivated, as Senior Management has favouritism issue. Too much operations/administrative work. Japanese management do not empower and values in coming colleagues instead of Long serving employees. Some cultures which are not suitable in Singapore and globally need to be abolished. Slow decision making for starting a new thing. -Not much of a con, but consensus-building can be slow at times and occassionally decision-making can become unnecessarily cumbersome.
-Bank could seemingly afford to take more risks, although slow-and-steady generally wins the race.
-There's general concern among some of the older guard that some former RBC employees, while contributing to growing the bank, may be posioning the well culture-wise. I can see both sides of it - I'm generally agnostic on this.
-More consolidation likely ahead for the subsidiaries, from what I've heard. Zero leadership, zero focus on results. All the focus is who stays the latest every night. Antiquated belief in managing like we're in the 80's. They'll never keep any real talent this way.. Slow Promotion; Lower-than-average industry pay grade. Some decent front-line staff completely hamstrung by beyond-incompetent IT, non-existent HR support and unethical / borderline illegal activities of senior management across almost all divisions. Avoid avoid avoid.. Poor leadership specially in the ASOD. No work from remote - you've to come in the snow storm. Biased management when it comes to training employees. Rotating Senior Management & Expats
Lack of transparency and trust
No job promotion if you are in the back office department
They kept hiring people who can't do the job but instead hire who will be a Yes Man!. Investment Bank of Japan, Daiichi-Kangyou Bank, and Fuji Bank are superficailly integrated, but actually not integrated.. Incredibly average to below average people from the top all the way down. But especially in the middle .. Not much career progression can be expected as all senior role is occupied by rank and file staff who is willing to be in the same position over 10 years or even more.. half the time is spent working on processes and not value added work. The pay could be better. Lack of clarity or direction is always an issue with management.. Pay was not competitive. Less chance to get promoted.. No real org structure.  Very Autocratic. Job roles undefined.  No real Technology strategy.  
No significant movement in stock price for a longtime.  Long work days as people seem to be putting out fires most of the time. In my experience it was hard to engage with senior folks.. A lot of paper documents. There is some Red tape with any decision. Flexible work arrangements would be a good benefit for employees.. If you are non-Jap, don't dream of being promoted. Poor compensation after joining. Moved around teams and sectors at the whim of management. Completely siloed and no team ethos. Poor senior and middle management. No international movement opportunities despite what they tell you at your interview. The company is only set up to support their Japanese staff. Japanese corporate culture designed to move Japanese staff around every few years, so you could have a manager moved in with zero experience in your field. Bureaucratic organisation not suited for structured and leveraged finance. HR completely aware of issues with specific personnel in middle management causing high turnover but completely unable or unwilling to intervene. Many people in this team for example left the company after 1 year or less.. there really are not any cons. Very bureaucratic with a disconnect in Japanese ex-pat management and local teams. Very slow to react to commercial decisions and not proactive. 
Relationship gap between local and expat staff.. There are several divisions of same functions in different entities under the same financial group. Resoure should be concentrated.. Even though workin hours is 830 to 5 they expect you to work late. Too much manual work n mgmt don't know what they want. They have some red tape for process changes
There are Japanese expats who can be hard to communicate with sometimes but they are never rude about it.. IT investment was lacking for years, so this means a lot of the software, hardware and general technology are old and unsupported – it needs major investment.  Because of the Terminal Services solution some simple things are not possible, which causes other headaches not usually seen.  A lot of the colleagues have been at the bank for 6, 8, 12 years - so the environment is quite stale and not much in the way of innovation or major changes.  Some colleagues are stuck in their ways, which coupled with general Japanese inflexibility means that they are very stubborn.  This also means that there are a lot more office politics than usual.  The company suffers horrendously from Japanese bureaucracy and red tape.  Big purchases (i.e. Projects, new staff etc.) will take 6 months just to get approved.  The bank is a slow moving beast. There is also no working from home or instant messaging.  Lastly if there is a train strike or snow and you can’t get to work, you have to use annual leave.. A lot of cons at this place. Literally everyone is overworked and underpaid. Lots of office politics. If you are new to banking, don't expect much training. You'll be shown something once and expected to know it in and out the next time. Zero work life balance. Outdated practices and policies. Most things are still done on paper.. Compensation is below market.  They do not value loyalty, so people who have been with the company for awhile will always be treated worse than people they bring in from outside.  They prefer to hire from outside rather than promote from within.  There is too much hierarchy and senior management from head office make all the decisions even if they have no direct experience and do not understand what the work entails.. Head of department review staff based on the information staff preferences. Bias and fake. Dumb and not professional.. Salary is very incompetitve, the company doesn't value employees for their ability at work but more for their age and gender. Also, if you're not Japanese, there's much less benefits and less opportunity to reach higher management level.. Not much salary upward.
Expats and local employees are having very different mentalities so that the communications are kind of hard.. very difficult to achieve what you want
There are a lot of pitfalls on some process, they are still in traditional Japanese way. There are no good balance in every aspects. (Culture, work life balance, etc). Very limited training opportunities.  Feels like opportunities transferring within the firm is also limited and very difficult to do for some reasons. Risk appetite and deal flow. No opportunites to work from home, but we have been advised that HR are looking to implement this in the near future :). Cultural disconnect between Expats and US employees. Adherence to procedures and policies as well as need of Head Office approval for many actions prevent quick response as Head Office is in Japan.. Salary is not so high. There are inefficient works.. Out dated policies,  old system and technology, low pay,  poor senior management / leadership,  no training provided to staffs.  Coworkers are incompetent. Conservative culture (if considered a con).  More traditional Asian environment.. Below market increment... Come in only when you are a manager or higher.. Outdated, and unnecessarily numbers of complicated IT systems and programs.

Attempts at trying to look after staff, but not backed up with action. For instance, a junior contractor on another desk was offered a permanent job, only to have the offer withdrawn without any probation time to improve.

Childish point scoring across all divisions with no added benefit to anyone. Presumably as a result of management at all levels taking themselves far too seriously. For instance, employees leaving their desks for a few minutes to go and buy a coffee was not seen as acceptable, yet perfectly acceptable for more senior managers.

A management and workforce who seem unwilling to change, adapt or generally consider new ideas.. Worked too short to see any significant drawbacks.. The Toronto office looks very unprofessional and outdated. They definitely need an upgrade!. a stressful place to stay. The US business needs approval from Japan for a lot. Work on improving technology and processes. Quite a sterile environment, lack of movement. Too conservative in using newer technologies
They want you to get involved in tasks you are not familiar with but does not provide enough training. Still working on long-term structural barriers to major change. Solid plans to address but very demanding. Challenge is to keep the good while addressing the impediments to globalization.. Consensus Management style means nothing gets done.  Rotational management from Tokyo, managers do not understand the businesses they are charged with running so problems are not addressed or corrected. Credit policies and practices are way off market (slow decisioning and personnel only understand and embrace vanilla requests). Process requires massive amounts of paperwork/forms.. Limited Products
Minimal Learning opportunities
Perception base and not work base appraisal system. IT is almost unusable due to being out of date, unsupported or unlicensed
A miserable place to work, especially in back office
Managers don't care and senior management will always protect their own. Behind in corporate IT, but the company seems to be investing and making upgrades (i.e. switching to Outlook, providing new software licenses upon request, etc.). promotion poor ot too much. * Work many hours (often over 60, until the last month or so, with more hours on the horizon)
* Many artificial deadlines (Political deadlines with various "drop dead" dates)
* Below par technology (using windows 7 for development and have no plans to upgrade, for example) 
* Management will lie to you to get you to work more hours among other situations, ethics not high on list.
* Paperwork and process over product culture.
* Employee management divide, managers are treated much differently and "ideas" must come from them.
* Will not automate, not interested unless told to do so.
* Are using an "Agile" process in name only.
* Japanese ex-pats hold most of the middle and upper positions with only a few tokens.
* Sometimes almost feel complicit with managers creating paperwork and hours (when none are needed - I asked others) elongating projects working against the company. 
  
One telling story is recently (within a week or so of this writing) a number of employees were "invited" to write on this site by management (through a general email) to bolster ratings (if you inquired about the purpose). In my mind not the most ethical approach.

Also, within first month was told of a "drop dead" date only to find management wanted to put on a good face for the CIO coming into town, the project or business need was never in jeopardy. This happened repeatedly over the next 6+ months. Everything is/was an emergency. 

I can go on... 

Perhaps I am in just one area under a more specific type of pressure, but I doubt it based on my talking to others in the company.

Just based on the company size I'm sure you can find good areas and some individuals will have better experiences. In this I have on doubt. However, I can only relay what I have experienced.. Bureaucratic as are most Japanese Banks.  Slow processes and lengthy and often illogical credit and legal processes.. Career opportunities might not be the best.. it is complicated to create many documents. A few cons... The perks could be better but are quite modest partly because of the culture of the head office in Tokyo (for example when you work weekends, there is no A.C. because Air Conditioning costs too much).  While it is "Investment Banking" the work you do tends to lean more towards corporate banking.  The deal flow could be better for most groups.. Management hires their mates into senior positions, some male management prejudice against women, treatment of staff terrible under some managers. Long hours. Old building.. Little room for advancement, lot of turnover, apparently little coordination with head office in Japan. Would prefer faster growth so that we can compete vs. established peers.
No company culture.. lots of red tape. still a japanese company.... Some real dishonest low lifes, beware of the new IB culture, collection of IB has-beens with attitudes heading toward a 2008 ending, on Japan side the procedures and paperwork are onerous, tech poor, overall avoid.. boring, not innovative, frustrating, slow. Compensation can be improved
Benefits are slightly below average but I believe that things are improving on this front.. Can be boring at times. Seems to be better on paper and in reality, when it comes to its vision, etc.  Still has a long way to go.. There is some resistance to recognize talent and ability in the institution. Forward growth can feel stunted at times depending on the group.. Ex prats make all decisions. It is a very big domestic organization. Sometimes you will feel the space is too slow and too political. Also comparing other two mega banks, this company is lowest pay level.. Seriously underpays compared to peers. Satellite office, everything reports to Tokyo causing a lot of administrative delays. Takes long time to make decisions
Old systems
Too many expats at management level. Investing in technology - there is still a ways to go.. Outdated systems, drawn out approval process.. Technology is outdated. Internal processes are a headache and a perfect example of inefficiency. Exsessive paperwork.. IT systems, operational procedures/ practices need updating. wages are lower compared to other equivalent workplaces. Everything gets done  out of JApan. Outdated technology, burdensome paperwork, laborious and onerous processes, bureaucratic, and very unpleasant work culture.. small working spaces, workers are packed closely together. Work culture, environment, diversity, language, work life balance, multi cultural environment, etc., are nonexistent. They laugh at people who leave office at 5 or 6pm; make disrespectful comments on how people look behind their backs. It is a very corrosive environment.. Inability to work from home. Outdated systems, top management from Japan rotated too often so maybe in a field in which they have no experience. Too much unnecessary paper work in order to get things done. Overly complicated policies and procedures. Respect and courtesy only extended to a chosen few. You can have a pleasant personality, respect your Co workers, get a good rating from the counter parties, but it all boils down to who you are.. bad processes, pathetic IT infrastructure, opaque higher management and appraisal process. -Poorly managed accounting System. People soft not being used to full potential because of unwillingness to update procedures. They blame it on Auditing. 
-Access to systems as a New Hire needs improvement. Not very smooth. I waited about a month to be fully set up.. On a flip side of the above, there are many stumbling blocks in a day to day operations. Bureaucracy everywhere.. 1. Archaic systems
2. Very slow to make positive change. Organization may be hard to navigate.. Japanese culture - bureaucratic eccentricities and language barrier which can make work related communication prohibitive. Risk adverse and conservative. Systems / practices may not be up to date or industry standard.. Because there is not much to do, firing you is not costly for the bank. 
It is NOT an international bank. 
It is a malfunctioning corporation. 
Senior managers don't have expertise AT ALL. They seriously lack real deal experiences. There are many Japanese ONLY meetings. As a result, 2nd year Japanese expat has more information about potential transactions than local VPs. Many locals in their 40's report to expats in their 20's. Low Salary+Bonus because the bank has to pay for expats' condo and their kids' international school tuition. They pay 5000 monthly rent for every single expat and 7-9000 monthly rent for expats with families whereas AVPs with more than 10 years of experience gets paid around 6-7000. There also have many other fringe benefits that only apply to expats. Remember, it all comes out from one pocket, ignore all the lies they are telling you.

Why would any competent banker endure this environment? 

Not all Japanese firms are this bad. 

Local people, please know what you're getting yourself into.. Low salary compared to the industry average. Employees benefits are not properly educated until someone asks.. Too beaurocratic and inflexible as organization.. Micromanagement from Tokyo
Some people are 'welded in' and need to change
Management can appear weak
Culture is averse to change. Long hours.  Bad upper management. Not much really , the experience was good. Perspective for growth never materializes. For most people this is their entry to Wall Street. IT management horrible and substandard. IT infrastructure below expectations which makes traders very frustrated.. "Allure" remains such - never materializes. Horrible backstabbing culture. IT is below street standard and nobody is aware of latest best practices.  Many new hires in Mizuho never had actual Wall Street experience and usually Mizuho is their first step to enter wall street. IT managers are clueless.Traders frustrated,. Current IT infrastructure is horrible; need better credit review process; too many employees working on the same task. Too busy but not so bad.. They still use very Old systems. Feel like wasting time. Their systems are outdated.
Much red tape to get things done. 
Lots of unnecessary work to see results.. Strong racial bias to Japanese workers, all management Japanese, all promotions go to expat Japanese workers.. Every company has its own short commings and with a Japanese bank its their culture itself. Its a very socialistic company and very inflexible when it comes to the work level and kind of responsibilites you will get. It mainly depends on the number of years spent in the company.. Very process based, very structured. 1. Outdated system/technology, which led working environment inefficient and slow.  2.  No career opportunities (at least for me).. Only expats in senior management positions and they tend to work 14+ hour days.  Also, the technology is terrible.  Lotus Notes is a sub-par email program and other internal systems are horrendous.. Not a lot of opportunities for career growth. managers are skeptical of  their employees and in denial of the fact that they are overworked and underappreciated. not really a lot of cons. In house system is rather outdated
Approval procedure is long and redundant
Pay is lower compared to other international banks. The only thing I would say is that you are expected to work at least until 6pm even though your work day ends at 5 pm (9-5). It is stated as optional but you are given quite a lot of work therefore you usually end up staying at least an extra hour. Good thing though that up until certain level they pay for your extra hours!. Conservative firm, A lack of flexibility and freedom. Chief Technology Officer has created a hostile work culture. He becomes extremely irritated by any little thing (several of them are misperceptions on his part). He also seems to enjoy firing people and threatening to fire people. This is not acceptable and HR has turned a blind eye to it.
Lack of morale. Turnover seemed fairly high.
Some managers are abusive and use the fear tactic to hassle their employees.
CEO seems hostile and lays off or fires a lot of employees.. Too many expats as senior mgmt. Too much red tape.. Hierarchical, slightly rigid, long hours. more rigid kind of work routine, must be super punctual, hierarchy system. There is bureaucracy wherever I have worked and it is the same at Mizuho - no more no less; would like to see more non Japanese at senior levels - especially in Tokyo and with this a more diverse management team including more women at senior levels - especially in London.  I can see that Mizuho is making changes and there are some very strong messages being given and programs put in place. not much to say - pretty positive experience. I banking hours are what youd expect. Bad pay and benefit, turnover is high.. Mizuho is working in expanding  its presence in USA making even better and providing  more opportunities to all employees.. Long working hour is necessary. Small size of the platform creates difficulty for the firm to compete.. Work policy is very strict.
Low salary and compensation compared to other companies in the same industry.
IT systems are very behind.. Not flexible working hours for parents. Consensus based organization, which makes it difficult for change and very much lacks progressiveness.  The culture is not malleable.. There is much work to tackle and I work long hours. Leadership flexibility and low morale.. So far, the environment is still conducive for me.. - Slightly bureaucratic although culture is slowly becoming more open
- Lower than market pay for lower rank entry level staff. They are a very large and prestigious commercial bank that transfers the bank employees who cannot make money borrowing short and lending long to management positions in a risk business.  The poor results shouldn't be a surprise.. Old Systems
Japanese Culture
Too much focus on attendance. Not enough structure because they're growing, no clear roles, there's a glass ceiling, not somewhere to be long term, compensation below average, a lot of leaving/firing. Outdated systems and processes, huge cultural gap between Japanese expats and American workers.. The officers are discrimatory as to who they will respect and in some cases, if you do not look a certain way they talk to you very bad. Forced to stay in cube like an animal and if not busy, sit there pretending to be working. When presenting ideas, they are not received well even though you are asked for ideas, opinions, and plans. They know more than you do, yet they bring you aboard to help them with you expertise in a field. Too many rules and forms for simply things. In-house trainers are terrible! Forced to take useless and boring classes. Everyone there thinks they are trainers but they really suck and it's so boring and a waste of time!. Employees base salaries are below market value, Unit Heads, expatriates, are rotated approximately every three years (employees remain unsettled), U.S. managers lack decision-making power.... Substandard Management. Japanese decision making process is unbelievable, and Japanese Expats think they are smart and capable of making good decisions.. They only promote Japanese individuals.. Poor management: bureaucratic, very slow decision, tons of politics
Poor system: full of segmented vintage systems with no good reasons, costly huge hierarchy of IT organization
Poor technology: no professionals of technology in management, no support / promotion on achievement in technology. Rules and procedures are overly stringent. Rampant cronyism.  The division I worked in, my manager showed favoritism to the young ladies in my division, while I was verbally (and physically) abused on multiple occasions.

Coworkers who play office politics.  I really was not getting paid enough (less than an entry level intern in most other banks) to justify playing any sort of office politics, but it was the favorite past-time of others in my group.  Do not expect to go out for happy hour drinks in this company, it is just not that kind of enviornment.. No sense of urgency. Process heavy (filing out a form before you travel, filling out a form to be taken to lunch)?  New business opportunities declined because there is "too much work involved". Inferior technology,. - lots of bureaucracy
- very conservative policies make it difficult to succeed in investment banking
- does not offer the same standards of work that other banks do (i.e. travel policy, assistant, offices etc)
- use of outdated software like Lotus Notes. Hard to move up/get promoted. 1. The technology they use...oh wait, there's no technology since every documents are still paper based and kept for 10 freaking years for what -so-ever reason. The system developed are used only for the means of back up if white ants eat the paper in the vault.
2. Discriminate local staffs as 99% of the higher management are parachuted directly from JP. Career advancement to GM level is day-dream: you better wish this bank is acquired by westerners or Chinese.
3. Lack of flexibility and adaptability. Management mindset still stayed in the glorious 80s when JP used to be strong. The customers base were from long legacy relationship instead of choosing this bank for its exceptional service. The working mentality is "safety first" above everything.
4. No value for out-of-the-box thinker. For the management staffs are robot with human appearances that should only do what's being told and innovation is not allowed as it is not part of the job descriptions. To improve some local operation procedure required approval from Tokyo Head Office which is thousands of miles away.
5. The fact that this bank doesn't fire people created a lot of lay back lazy salary thief that do nothing but still get the same pay or even higher than those who work OT endlessly. This is ridiculous as back office is deemed as low rank workers who get punished for error due to excessive OT and unnecessary manual work, while some department is relaxing off work at 5 pm and still get same amount of bonus.
6. Favoritism. The job evaluation system is a joke. It's a lousy software where the true contribution is never taken seriously. In the end the bonus is decided by department head based on how much he /she likes this person. After you get old staying here for decades they'll throw you to some dept doing some demoralizing work so that you can quit by yourself.

Conclusion, if you had awesome experience before and look for some place to chill until retirement, you can consider here. If you are fresh grad wants some nice brand name on your CV you can stay here for a while. This place is NOT recommended for motivated, creative and aggressive career minded people. You will end up become a "follow order only" incapable person finding yourself middle aged and no where to go, which is exactly what the management wants you to be.. Not much room for advancement; salaries lower than competition and don't keep pace with industry trends.. Company values face time far more than other companies do these days. Systems are antiquated. Flexibility should be earned and therefore granted to more productive employees.. No work-life balance, prehistoric systems, no career development. Japanese culture of staying late OT. Performance is evaluated by OT so means that your work hard during office hours never count if you dont stay late. This is not for all staffs in this company, only IT will do. The rest happily go home at 5pm.. Culture of having to go to head office for approvals for everything gets tiring,  must have to asked for promotion, Technology not the greatest, everything is paper based and always attached to procedures.. Career opportunities and advancements are tough to achieve. more salary and benefit must be given. Hours are long, but that's Wall Street
Suits and ties everyday (except for the summer)
Not easy to work-in-place (from home). lack of training/ thin paycheck. none that I can think of. discrimination is high, its a job not a career, no career advancement, no training, some employees are too old and doesn't know the latest technology.. no growth, better to speak japanese. They preferred Japanese speaking staff , rather than experienced staff. Low salary, work overtime, hierarchy. - No work life balance
- Hostile working environment
- Resistant to change
- Inequality treatment
- Favouritism. workable friendly and type of jobs are no so much available not now and it is good. Nothing much. Very good people there. very relaxing environment,. Senior Management is very pessimistic.. A bank that desires to be the best but do not have enough hands on deck.. machenicly feel tired and no suitable salary. - Very top heavy ratio of senior/junior employees
- Small firm, very results orientated
- Not a great place to start a graduate career
- High managerial turnover. Increasing its cost
Too Manual
Too much papers
Basics of Banking are questioned smtime
Poor Leadership
Need to compete with Donkeys. Low compensation
Lack of promotion 
Organization is not well structured. - Poor compliance culture
- No proper procedures
- Lousy IT system
- Bosses like to micro-manage
- There's expectation to work late. No worklife balance.
- A lot of unnecessary meetings.. wage is negotiable
security
range in wide connection with company. The software and general practices in the U.S. branches make you feel like you're in the Feudal Age.. daily tasks. Follow the regulation. Follow the team leader. Sometimes it is not the best way to do that. Those who don't want to work can get away with it and nobody bats an eyelid.. Salaries remain below standard, bonuses are very poor. There is no chemistry/spirit on the floors, fairly bleak, negative atmosphere. Little to no cross-team interaction, little to no attention from management. Very rigid reporting lines, no one talks to each other outside of these structures. Very, very poor infrastructure within the bank. Generally not a happy place by any stretch of the imagination.. It has to be one of the worst investment banks on the planet. Essentially, run by a team of monkeys. The culture was one of "how not to do things" or perhaps, "how to avoid ever doing anything". Slow to change, internal focused, organizational accountability at times hard to uncover.. management from Japan lack experiences.. Most groups are under staffed and over worked. If you have read other "Glassdoor" reviews of Mizuho Securities you will know there are many issues with the IT Department. It seems harder and harder to find the best and brightest employees to join us. Mizuho seem to be hiring those that are good enough while those that are still here are jumping ship at their first opportunity, and who can blame them. You have to feel sorry for those that are left trying to get the work done in this very unhealthy environment, no matter how much they get paid.. too political, no global culture, not.dynamic.. Not a lot of drive to succeed. The flat structure means the glass ceiling is felt as soon as you enter the door.  There is little and sometimes no room for career progression depending on the level at which you start. Mizuho is heavy on procedures compliance which is the perfect recipe for lack of innovativeness.  You can almost leave your brains at home, turn up to work and you will still do a good job.  There is no point starting Mizuho at the height of your career when you are bursting at the seams with ideas and desire progression.  Simply put, you will be disappointed and there will probably be a mismatch between your skillet and your earnings making it difficult to transition to a role externally.. There is so many cons about Mizuho Securities that is not easy to list them all but I can give the top 5 

1. Management encourages fighting between departments and promotes a hostile environment which leads to low employee morale
2. The CTO is the absolutely worst individual I have ever met, He publicly disrespects, embarrasses and ridicules his management team. This management style then goes down hill to the lower employees and creates a very hostile and unprofessional environment.
3. The turn over is very high, if someone has not left the company yet, they are interviewing and planning to leave. We now have frequent "quit" parties were we congratulate the person leaving for finding something better. 
4. Micromanaging is overwhelming at mizuho  you need to account for everything you do through out the day and in projects. if you are late with anything you are publicly embarrassed by the CTO and senior management. 
5. Managers turn their cheek to what is going on to protect themselves and put you as the worker out to be slaughtered by the CTO. consistent condescending attitude and a double standard means if you are unhappy your only option is to quit because no one in the company will help you. 

I hope you understand why I detailed my cons about working at Mizuho Securities, I hope you use my comments and also the comments of other current and past employees to decide if this is a place for you to work. Honestly this place is a horrible place to work and If I had a chance to go back I would never have accepted their offer.. Cultural issues, very beauracratic and micromanagement. Lower salary and poor salary increasing rate. Promotion chance is minimum. Many similar units should combine together to increase efficiency and shrink number of employees.. -Systems need upgrade
-Processes can be slow. Long hours and a lot of redundant work due to company policies. The equities department is constructed of a core click that has been together for a long time. Some of those guys are decent some are just getting paid because the are friends in the click. The rest of the department seems to get churned out every year.  The culture is very depressing.. Company not sure how to achieve goals.. - an investment bank wanna be, with no real capabilities, everything is painfully hard. Incompetent people, ancient system
- if you don't mind a boring job and spending majority time struggling with internal stuff
- so many expats there not because they can do a good job
- senior management seems to be a training post for Tokyo staff. knowledge of specific trade finance though minimum research with good management formation of each department are necessary. Bad management, expats are handing thier own works over to the local hires, infights are severe, discrimination happens.... very routine and just follow procedure. Prefer not to share at this time. Slow to respond to change, a lot of bureaucracy given conservative Tokyo parent.
Salary is average, and bonuses quite low if not in FO.. Glass ceiling for national staff. Bad work-life balance.. Unprofessional, downtrodden culture.  Management isn't clear about goals or expectations.. Obsolete HR system, seniors without investment banking experiences. Alot of compliance check, paper work and approvals
No career advancement or any training. No room for growth as an intern.. low paid, a job rather than a career, low tech, out of date business view, extremely lacking behind in the banking industry. Low compensation, conservative attitude, low awareness of earnings.. There are politics not only at the senior management level, but also at mid-levels.. Lack of upward mobility. Japanese Bank culture can be challenging at times. Small bonuses. Fractional yearly raises if you part of a cost center. Too much red tape to get your job done with rules and regulations.. Culture in IT is seriously dysfunctional. Infighting and finger pointing are encouraged. This is not a place where collaboration and team building win out. This is top down management and very difficult to thrive in.  

True story, and why I am writing this post ... I woke up this morning from a dream that I was still working there and immediately felt depressed and anxious and just wanted it to be over.  Enough said.. Performance is rated based on lateness and overtime. Incompetent senior managment, 
cya attitude. The Job is Very Boring. Limited career growth opportunities, low pay. - As stated, you have a job, not a career. Internal mobility requires a lot of political manoeuvring
- HR are of no help to you at all and cannot be trusted whatsoever, although that's pretty universal
- No funding for training that is of use to the bank except Japanese language which is rubber stamped for anyone who cares to try
- No atmosphere whatsoever
- Coffee is absolutely, offensively dreadful
- Systems and procedures are prehistoric. Still too many expats, some of whom seem to have been chosen solely because of some proficiency in English despite their otherwise unexceptional abilities. Also, given that expats tend to be here for only a few years, they often do not have the longterm perspective that local staff needs to have. Mgmt appears to want to improve employees' work-life balance, but there's still a long way to go (hours are long). There is also too much bureaucracy, and, while the Credit area is trying to be more cooperative, at times they seem more driven by a need to hold onto tradition or by an instinctive over-conservatism, as well as an overdeveloped fear of making the mistake of approving the wrong credit (and little sense of the risk of rejecting a good credit).. - probably not the most ambitious work environment
- the pay probably lags behind most other financial institutions
- IT could do with some major investment. stupid, greedy and thick people. - probably not the most ambitious work environment
- there is a significant gulf between the Japanese expats and the non-Japanese employees, which can result in frustrating lack of communication. There is significantly less career opportunities for non-Japanaese employees.
- the pay probably lags behind most other financial institutions. Not enough flexibility in terms of work.. Not so competitive salary compared to other MNCs. low salary, politics, bad mentorship program. always overtime, low pay comparing to the same job in the same industry. Administration bank, no career opportunities as there is a preference for external hiring, Not many opportunities for non- Japanese speakers, Most Japanese employeese look down on UK and European employees, your education and experience count for nothing, no or little communication, no meetings, knowledge sharing, no Christmas party or team building events, little to no travel as this is reserved for senior management, Japanese top graduates or long standing UK employees.. Cheap wage, long hours and detail oriented. Cultural differences with expat staff may lend to challenges if one is not open to adapt; you can complain about it, or you can try to proactively help the expat staff adapt. Limited interaction between the various entities (Corporate Bank, Securities, Alternative Investments). Change could be enacted more quickly.. Low pay. Some expat managers do not know the basics of the products or the industry they are in.. - don't expect a very good package 
- salary increment really depends on the corresponding manager. Rigid thinking, especially in H.R. - worked in Portland, OR main branch and upper management wasn't open to new ideas or making full use out of the employees they had at the time, and since employees are one of the major drivers of both cost and innovation, I would like to think that at some point they decided to use what they already had....their great people. Pay still low compared with other banks, high unnecessary stress, lots of paperwork, not efficient, certain managers have special interest group, promoting a special class of employees.. very bad management, everyone seems like to get out from there. Communication from both local and expat management could be better.. Generally slow to adjust to market changes and thus misses opportunities more often than not because of structure and bureaucracy.. Many parts of the work are quite routine. There is no innovation and not much room to make a creativity.  You need to just follow the procedure given by head office.. The job has no fun.. no future here, your skills will get quickly get outdated, managements lack ofleadership, plus a million more other reasons... Not much to learn and exposure low. Depends on the division, but in general work recognition is not based on knowledge or skill sets, rather on being a "yes man".. --Absolutedly not dynamic
---working atomasphere is awful!! isolation is common.
--stress comes from peers, not from customers, not from work itself. Um... they benefit or the hr department are one of the discouragements in working with this bank. They are not rewarding emplyee what they deserve.. No real drawbacks other than usual obstacles. Salary is a little bit low comparing to other banks.
It is a small company and very limited for advancement. No life. Work, eat, and then work. I mean, 7:30 to midnight? That's just insane.. The possibility of promotion is quite limited since it's a subsidiary of Mizuho Bank and Japan's banking system places high value on seniority as opposed to meritocracy. lack of industry experts, lack of fresh graduates.. I have a dead end job, you need to play politics to be promoted, there is absolutely no communication with senior management (maybe if you speak japanese you may get a few words), non japanese and non directors were the one to be laid off in 2009. No much future for Mizuho I am afraid. A big corporation paralysed by its own bureaucracy. Frozen salaries since 07 (for the lucky ones like me not fired). Don't join Mizuho honestly. not really an international bank. No career opportunities in the future. Very less international opportunity for local hires.. very small equties desk
no formal training program
advancement seems slow compared to industry. Work- life balance is hard to achieve. British/Japanese co workers look down on Americans. Socialistic. Not enough incentive given to work harder.. too many lazy people
inefficient organisation. It is usually very difficult to get day offs or vacation. Even for women who have children. That is not flexible.. Limited growth. Only Japanese can hold most senior positions.
Company only trades a small suite of products so opportunities to learn is limited.. very small equties desk
no formal training program 
advancement seems slow compared to industry. you will sit and rott. its a safe job but a boring job and there is little for development or ambition. because of the safe job policy, there is a lot of dead wood in there which is not helpful for new people.. twice a week late hours. a bit old fashion and a bit boring. Everything you can expect from a big Israeli bank, every cliche is absolutely right.. hard difficulties to growth in the bank. Bit small salarys buy overall-nothing. Can get competitive at times, but generally ok.. Old fashioned, full of internal politics, very low tech for a bank, only way to be promoted is by brown nosing regardless of your skills.
Employees can’t rate the managers once in a while.
Managers can do almost anything the want (such as discriminating or screaming at employees) and they won’t be touched.. Too many tasks which not paid adequately. They Exploit People, very bad management team in the UK and Israel.
No stability . People are treated very bad and with no respect.
Stay away, go to a bigger bank with a better management and business model.
Mizrahi make you work like a slave with no appreciation what so ever. you literally need for someone in the management to die so you could make some improvement in your job.. You just do a small part in a large  machine.
It is very difficult to  advance to other positions, management expect you to work at your role at least 3 years and sometimes more....
Senior management doesn't respect employees. For example: CFO doesn't  greet junior employees when he meets them.. salary, demands for extra hours, no Supervision for managers. Staff morale had been a little low due to being underpaid and overworked in recent years, have lost a few good long standing employees because of this. Need more staff to make up for the extra work. hard to be promoted, no training for new employees. The bank management is very conservative. low salaries 
allot of workplace politics. Not challeging, No future grow. This company is progressing only politically correct employee. Young dynamics are running away. Is made of confortable sitting/ mediocre persons. A lot of work while working on the period end financial statements, working hours are not constant.
Very routine job, might be boring.. Low salary in terms of the hard work you do and what you get in return.. The salary is low compared to other banks. Hard to break the glass seeling.. The bank is paying low salaries in compare to the market.. Plenty opportunities to learn and get experience in the financial industry. There are some promotion opportunities.  Great work life balance.. in a word -money, little wage for the bankers in the branches , small salaries for economists while the division heads and higher each earn more than the team below them.. Conservative bank without the will to invest in technological progress as other banks in the world are doing.
Lots of internal politics and power struggles with very low execution.. Hardly any employee development. difficult to move from one unit to another. If a problem arise there is no one to turn to.. -Not competitive salary.
-Old hardware and software.
-Very conservative thinking. Very intense work, low salary. Should improve employer - employee relationships. low salary
bad infastructure
selfish top managment
no food service
religious oriented. starting pay is low and they consider benefits and bonuses as part of your salary.. I've seen better salaries at other banks. Terrible (almost nonexistent training), no motivators, mediocre-minus compensation.
HR is not supportive of employees but constantly tries to "save on their backs".
No clear culture.. rediculous small salary bad mid managment. Salary is the lowest in the market.. Senior envirenment with people who work in the bank since they finished thier military service, and have very litle willingness to improve processes or make any change.. Think people is talking in one's back - mentality. Favoritism as expected! Amateur management!. Not a lot of help outside your team + low wage. every thing: lack of expertise, people, french people do not speak in english... A multi-affiliate model that can be complex but that offers great projects and relationships.. Working Hour - more than 90h per week. You may work with old stack tech depending on the team. nothing that is worth mentioning. really great place to retire. The company has a strong hierarchical structure. Nothing to recommend in particular. no cons, we have a great culture. System constraints that does not fully assist. They valorize more new comers, and offer better conditions. Not enough pay compared to other firms. lack of proper mid-management, no communication between the business lines, hard to get hired as a permanent at junior level. Culture, pay, limited career progression. No career path advancement, low paid compared to the Industry, senior management step up their careers on the back of junior, no values and culture. Difficult to valuate an experience there, too many things that dont work properly
Very poor management
Weak systems. forget about possibility of a headcount, it feels that 70% of employees are trainees, the rest are senior managers. Everything (every decision, and action) is centralised in Paris, so you need to wait until Europe morning to get things/processes fixed in case they bugs (which happens pretty often). And DON'T go there if you don't speak French (I'm native French speaker btw) cause you will feel excluded from every discussion/interaction as everyone talk in French even in writing.. No consequence management on staff who office bullying subordinates. Some teams need to be better organized and managed. A lot of conflict between departments.. None that I can see from my experience. Not flexible to change and a bit old fashion banking. Package not attractive and difficult to progress if you do not speak French. Ressources, Balance sheet, Expertise, Support, Management involvement. Limited career opportunities
No empowerment of youngsters. pay is bad and also progression. - No training for youngsters. Much more Complicated than it needs to be. Comp below industry, has become more bureaucratic, some management is unqualified. Too French-oriented, certain ceiling exists for non-french. Toxic senior risk management; CRO puts lipstick on in front of you; DCRO yells in a regular basis. Heavy drinking at company events, sales meetings. Somewhat limited dealflow depending on products. Low pay level comoare to other I Bank. - Low salaries, compared to other companies
- Really outdated tech stack for most of the projects
- Top-down EOY feedbacks
- Very Paris centric, Porto office is like an outsourcing company for Paris
- In some teams, meetings are in French, they ask what they need from you in English, then they switch to French.. showing that definitely you don't belong to the team, you are just a resource.. - comp
- lack of training
- work-life balance. Quite challenging business to be in. Cant remember any cons about the company. Slow inovation in some areas. no career progression, very slow in promoting, too french sometimes. Below market compensation. High turnover rate. Stiff management. Immobile to changes.. Red tape everywhere, lot of redundancy. No leadership support
No direction
Exposed to worst sectors
Slow to make change - always one step behind the other French banks
Pay is embarrassingly below competitors. Not a lot of direction and don’t have the resources of other larger asset managers.. Salary, salary, salary, salary, salary. The US branch is short-staffed
Long hours. Long working hours, below average pay. Not very challenging project;
Biggest challenges are often finding out what people you need to talk to;
While French is not mandatory you better start learning at least enough to read;. Cannot think of anything negative. Below market pay for an Executive Director role. Front Office juniors (interns/analysts/associates) are getting squeezed. Consequences are high turnover of juniors, and managers need to do some heavy lifting.
Extremely poor systems and data management, very tech adverse and don't want to change.
Benefits are ok for back and middle office, especially regarding the great work/life balance, but way lower than market standards for Front Office.
Bad HR management, compensation/bonus/promotion very shady and political.
No training whatsoever. Interns come in and have to learn everything about the poor systems and procedures from colleagues.... - Promotions are not very common. unfriendly partners, low salary for internship. Smaller bank also means the talent is not consistently top-notch.. Some projects using old technology, salary could be higher. No major cons, ideal for a student. Lots of growing pains; not well suited for people looking for a well defined career track. Only banking activities. Sometimes software outdated. Extremely poor organization of tasks, low salary and extra hours are almost compulsory.. New at the company for the moment. French culture - low investment in changing the traditional environment
Not many opportunities of growth for juniors. Slowness of execution
Non aligned teams
Credit Apetite
Politics. No possibility to learn more technologies and be involved. Bad management in the leadership. pas de perspective d'evolution; reste au meme poste pendant plus de 5 ans..... Corporate - IT is not very agile. Natixis remains too often a French based company and french speaking despite its presence in 16 countries.. - Some projects are badly managed or just bad overall, with no budget/interest in refactoring and updating the technology stack
- Many teams are divided between Portugal, Paris, HK, etc... making it sometimes harder to get work done
- Paris upper management don't give good support. Your contract can’t get extended. quite long schedule for interns. poor governance, less career opportunity. No cons for the company. Bad Corporate culture, HR doesn't value human resources and people here is French-first,. Nothing I can think of. Limited training and learning opportunities. Not enough conversations about career growth.. Too many reorganization in past few years. Hard to escalate and to reach high profile roles. Very hard to find. It is a small company in hong kong : career opportunities are limited compared to bigger companies.... Too many reorganisations
Limited possibilities of promotion
Heavy workload. Too big and too many people. "Encourage" you to get out of your comfort zone, as long as you don't make a mistake, if making mistakes is scolding in front of other people, unprepared people commanding that in times of crisis they get nervous and make everyone involved nervous too, unnecessary pressure at times when there should be calm.
Porto employees lack autonomy and "trust", RH is merely an "event and party organizer".... Too much management intrigue. Too many (mid to high level) vested interests antagonise one another for few mgt positions.
Cultural restart is needed.
Meritocracy needs improvements.
Low change management capacity (Old habits die hard). Work life balance , lack of training. None none none none none. not many cons maybe the it system. big, lots of internal processes, not always forward thinking. I don't have a cons for Natixis. It's a very good company. Nothing to point out so far. Rigid hierarchy, little impact, too standardized. I don't have any cons. Limited numbers of business, all desicions are making in head office. to monotunous, rotinary jobs, backoffice.. Changing management constant headaches not being addressed. Lack of brand recognition. Some tension between the French and the rest of the population, mostly due to misconceptions.. Work is pretty solitary. 
Not much else.. None, keep it like that. very bureaucratic with repetition of tasks. small actor in the field. -Every decision goes through Paris (meaningful or insignificant)
-Disingenuous group of people
-If you are French then you are "protected" (even if you add nothing to revenue generation, potential revenue generation and have limited client skills)
-If you are not French then its a revolving door. not HC, low salary and hard to improve yourself. Slow, No Career Advancement, Boring. long working hours and complicated commission structure. Low bonuses, never really performance driven. Nothing to point so far. I didn't face any difficulties and downsides. The rare career development programme. Not much to say negatively. complexity of the systems, management and hiring. None I can think of. Start up environment sometimes relates to excessive working hours.. Lack of career progression, too centralized. No organization, planning or roadmap. Porto is totally dependent on France despite Porto having better professionals who actually want to do something to fix things. 
You literally are your own planner even if you don't know what the hell you are doing. This is excellent for those types of colleagues that like to DO NOTHING while others do the hard work. You will see EVERY DAY people stressed out with work and a the majority of other teams just with nothing to do. There is no consequence for you to do nothing. Typical place where you need a "factor C" to get somewhere while doing nothing. People actually laugh to the people you see promoted cause they know how "factor C" played a role in it.
You will work with company's tools so forget taking knowledge towards the future.
HR? A total joke, the biggest I ever saw. Most of them are just juniors with no interest on you or your well being (just check their comment to the reviews, it's a copy paste..what a joke). You will bluntly see them sucking up to management and step on each other even if at your own expense.
Support teams are holding everything up while being the most underpaid...what a shame.
Maybe it sucks on your company but here you will become dull to technology and will quickly want to go back to the REAL SYSTEMS everyone uses.. very french with minimal english use, main language is french if you are not french you are an outsider. - lack of professionalism 
- irregularities 
- poor interest in employee's growth. Culture of backstabbing & politics
Toxic management
Legacy code and trading systems
Random projects
Low salary. Work can get a bit stale and repetitive sometimes. Pay is average, in my opinion.. Smaller bank And fewer resources. Poorly organized team, no respect for employee time. Nothing to tell. Everything is great. impossible to succeed if you are not French. Not recognisably a for-profit organisation.. Small team, time zone coordination effort. Poor systems and the closer to France, the less autonomy for the satellite offices. Insecure managers across BO and MO functions, managers are promoted at the back of ‘junior’ staff contributions, job descriptions don’t get updated to hide true staff contribution, you’ll be put in a position where it’s impossible to ask for a raise or even training to develop further. Don’t join if you are in another secured job. There is no career growth here.. Visibility, innovation, products, technicity, market flow. Inefficient tech & operational systems at times. French-oriented corporate and limited non-French senior managers. HR - it seems they are not really interested in improve and help the employees. If you are a foreigner they don’t help you in your integration

- not interested in keep the worker motivated

- 100 percent dependent of French offices, the “know how” is there. Sometimes is really difficult to make this work. (Lack do communication, they really fell  superior comparing to Portugal office). Very French centric company which can do more to assimilate to local culture.. No glaring downside to working here. Head office centric so need to take account of HQ always. Does not hire out of intern pool. Franco-french culture, bureaucratic, little diversity in Paris. Nothing significant to note. Usual cons associated with working at a large bank.. very big stress at work place. Senior Management isn't fit to lead, no clear direction of forward plans. I don't see any, sorry. - Agile methodologies don't exist or are applied wrongly 
- A lot of legacy means that there is not enough space for creativity 
- Some teams lack the support and engagement of the people in Paris to give them stuff to do. High pressure and constant fire-drills to start campaigns due to turbulent market conditions.. Very political
Clique oriented for promotions. Lack of progression opportunities. Lack of up-to-date documentation.  Lack of prioritization.. Budgetary cutbacks reduce effectiveness of Governance, Risk and Compliance teams. Paris centralize on making all decision.. -Some support functions lacking reactivity. Not a well recognised brand. Due to the versatility of the activities you can do a lot of things and sometime being a little bit lost.. Senior management only look after their. Own agenda. no headcount after 2 years trainee. Archaic technology, thinly staffed, disorganized, lack of coordination, bad data.. Limited career and salary growth. Strict management, long working hours. Slow salary evolution and few promotion. -Banking and finance..... boring
-heavy and bureaucratic
-slow  to change. Friends of Friends placeGood, lots of circles. Low Salary
Senior Management is exclusively French. Poor opportunities for advancement 
French culture. No training
Lack of transparency
Procedural. Old structure
Less dynamic
Hard to be developped personally. Complex business structure,  not very coordinated. Senior mgmt is terrible and they are slave drivers.  CFO is horrible, people come and go because of her.  She is a fake woman and don't ever trust her.  If you are looking for a long term position DO NOT WORK in the finance dept here.  She will talk about you to other team members and she will pretend to like you until you disagree with her,  The CAO is her soldier and he falls in line and will do whatever she says.  Avoid this department at all costs. The environment in Porto clashes a bit with the old fashioned way of developing from Paris.. The work method is a bit old fashion. You cannot expect to get a pay raise every year. not competitively international/diversified enough - apparently many french parachutes who do not even speak fluent english - they speak french in public occasions
slim to none chance for non-french to get into senior management
loss of growth in its annual results - definitely not very profitable compared to the past. They do not promote from within the organization. Women are not treated as equals, regardless of their qualifications. A lot of bureaucracy.
Some Paris offices are ugly and unorganized.. Extremely disorganized. Business model changes all the time.. All decision making done from Paris. Extremely political as it is common in french companies.  Lack of clear objectives. Erratic behavior. Inverted pyramid with numerous directors or executive directors per analyst or associate.. A lot of bureaucratic processes, slowing down efficiency;
Too many layers of management;
Overwhelming amount of legacy applications. limited career development within the branch. Can seem bureaucratic, glass ceiling exists if you are not French. - do not want to say a word about it here. None which I am aware of. First days are hard to keep up with the new tools at the job.. Notoriously slow. Very french centric. Development opportunities for non-French is very little once you reach a certain career stage.. Very political and beaurocratic environment. Low salary. Long process. Little autonomy and highly political. Sometimes difficult when located away from head office, to get the same visibility for yourself and your business.. some unavoidable complexity of big companies (but still ways to suggest improvement). you need to do more than what your role should be doing. Less deal flow, top-heavy organization. System upgrades needed sooner rather than later. - I had to make my personal money available to cover for professional expenses when travelling to Paris and I was only reimbursed after 2 months.

- No overtime pay or compensatory rest when you are spending most of your Sundays at the airport because of business trips.

- While some people had Porto Business School and certified Scrum Master Trainings, I was sent to Paris for several weeks, something that had a high negative impact on my personal life, to have training in Natixis' proprietary tools. This kind of training only benefits the company, the acquired knowledge becomes totally useless for the employee once he leaves the company since those tools aren't used anywhere else.

- There's the possibility of working remotely from home once a week but they won't pay you the meal allowance

- Obsolete and outdated technology (Prolog and waterfall development in 2019).

- Incompetent people are being hired and the colleagues have to fix their mess. At a certain point my work was deleted and I had to redo it from scratch. Competent people's efforts are not recognized.

- The environment in the department where I worked is absolutely awful. Some people are constantly telling lies and talking behind other people's backs.

- The company gave tickets to a music festival during an after work event. The ticket distribution was completely unprofessional, they didn't ask for any ID. I wasn't able to attend the (non-mandatory) event for personal reasons so HR told me to pick up my ticket the next day. I found out that someone had impersonated me to STEAL my ticket. This happened to several people. There were absolutely no consequences for the thieves. 

- Only employees with children are eligible to receive circus tickets at Christmas. So people with children in their thirties receive multiple (3 or more) tickets while people with 9-year old nephews receive nothing.

- Sometimes Natixis has a very small number of tickets for the employees to attend tech conferences. The tickets are almost always given to the same people despite the fact that the company has around 500 employees

- Desktops are being replaced by more modern laptops and dual screens are being replaced by wide, curve monitors. There is absolutely no criteria to deliver the new equipment. People that joined after me received it. People that joined before me received it. Some co-workers even received the new equipment on day one. I was one of Natixis first employees and I left the company without receiving the new equipment. The work conditions, right and duties are not the same to everyone.. Did not find any con at all. A Compensation below market standard. Salary and bonus are below market. French middle management, HR team, too small. Micromanagement a real problem from the top, no trust from senior managers, unrealistic approach to productivity and low pay compared to industry. Doesn’t really offer full time opportunities. There is no cafe/food court. Most systems run out of France and could use more localized servers to speed things up.. Colleagues were not most talented in the industry. none that I can think of. Pay a bit below market. Hard to induce changes, very few communication between branches. sometime contracts are feel left out as if they are not part of the company. Bad salary, lack of challenging initiatives.. This review only concerns hk office
First of all this is a third / fourth tier bank globally and in HK. In Hong Kong it lacks infrastructure and people to even to be close competing with other foreign banks, by far.
You have parachutes from Paris that are old (think 50+, still ED) people who lost  the game of thrones in Paris and found them another safehouse in HK. These “heads” don’t speak competitively English (not even close to the communication skills you are used to at other banks) and are very political. Obviously they won’t be able to adapt either. Then these “heads” manage local people with expertise.
French people, whether junior or senior, openly speaks French (which is not something wrong per ce) infront of you, name dropping people and business without keeping you updated, makes you feel part of the team huh.
Very French mindset, ie “we don’t need to compete with others as we are special”. In reality, the expertise is very weak to compete at all, admitting defeat before the fight started and find excuses for it, weak.
Pay is dramatically below market, French pay.  
Very racist towards any other countries (ie Americans are stupid, chinese /hk are stereotypes)
If you are used to working in other international banks, you will not find this place close to comfortable. 
For junior people, make the jump while you can as the knowledge you learn here is very limited. Join only if you can’t land anywhere else. 
Overall very very funny environment, no open communications and anything you do regarded “wrong” in the French way is used against you in bonus talks. 
And the hours is long, somehow the French people work very late just to pretending they are working.. Top management doesn’t care about employees. No career progress. Low salary among competitors.. do not live in frankfurt. French dominant, limited opportunity to grow. - Need heavy networking to get a permanent position. The lack of competitive power. Hours can be heavy leading to a poor work life balance.. Mundane work
Not much variety. Huge hierarchical organization,  not easy to change the status quo.. sometimes not well organized in terms of work-flow. Industry is changing a lot.  Not sure how well positioned they are.. Commodities is the bad service. lack of internal vision and challenge. Horrendous attrition rate among asians and juniors
too french 
no way for non-french to blend in 
as a local/asian junior there is basically no opportunity to develop a long term career in this firm, which is ironic since the mgmt stresses diversity that much. - they hire people with bachelors and masters degrees on IT and business for positions that SEEM to require that kind oficial education . However most of the positions they have in Portugal are related with support. It doesnt matter if you were hired to work as business analyst, a developer or a quality assurance analyst: whatever you were hired for, you will probably work on support

- you may have to work on portuguese holidays. Also French managers will tell you  not to take any vacations during critical phases of the projects ( this could be seen as a normal situation if only the French managers would not take holidays during that period as well.  However French employees seem to have a lot of vacation days and  they managers will  enjoy their own vacations no matter hoe the the project is. They will tell you that after telling you that you will have to abdicate from your own holidays)

- most of the french  managers dont respect any opinion that is different from theirs. They dont care if they are not even close to meet the expectations they created on you. They just want you to work on the tasks that their French employees refuse to work on (support tasks mostly)

- Its extremely easy to be hired to work on the investiment side of the bank If you have an IT degree. The managers are only worried about hiring 600 people no matter what ir takes ir who they are hiring. 

- you will have the oportunity to meet a lot of snobish people and learn about human beings and how far some of them are willing to go to get what they want. These are the type of people that show less work but are also the ones that managers like and that will be easily promoted.

- Toxic environment. People are afraid of talking inside this building and speak their minds. Too Paris-centric, and that lack of local delegation is a hurdle when it comes to executing transactions quickly or bringing innovative solutions to the market quickly.. VERY French and anti social, no career progression, focus on front office. A bit small but growing fast. It almost appears as a shell company was all that matters is hiring. If you don't have work to do, know one cares. If you do have work prepare for double management (Paris will give you work and regular management as Porto will do micro-management without adding nothing to your work).
Prepare to be an underlining of HR (they act like if they are the gods).
I would recommend anyone who gets a call from them to hang up ASAP.. very political and heavy hierarchy, inefficient processes, slow to implement changes, rather poor in employee management. Low pay, slow moving environment. More opportunities for travelling to and getting in touch with headquarter and better back office support. As with just about anywhere else, your happiness level will depend a lot on your manager and your colleagues. Some are great; others not so much. There are always going to be some bad managers or difficult people to work with.
Very limited career opportunities in the much smaller SF office.. The bank is still building so you will need to work with many parts of your day on a work-in-progress basis. No place to come if you just want to turn up and collect a cheque!
Too many nay-sayers looking for excuses and blaming the bank instead of themselves (See other commenters for HK...). relative small size limits career opportunities, but working hard to improve Diversity. Compensation is not so great and middle management does not have a clear view of where we are heading. Most managers are french.
Not much growth potential beyond a point if you are not french.. Few people at the office is the con. A bad company to work. Very  unrespect to the collaborators. A company based in lies and bad environment. Very political. So bad...Please ask before aceppt any proposal.. Do not have any respect for workers. There are a number of Marketing Sr Managers that bully and try to run the show in the Global Marketing teams. Sr. MGMT is too afraid to get rid of those problem individuals. Sometimes there is a sense of politics, cutthroat game-of-thrones style corporate positioning.  There are a number of institutionalized people who have been there 15-20 years that may not be connected to current trends in the industry and really can hold back the innovation the company wants to be known for. Lots of drinking and partying recovering alcoholics might feel uncomfortable.. Pay lags the other City banks. Pay can be less than market in some departments/groups.. Cons
- Toxic environment. Most colleagues are talk behind others’ backs and many unmotivated individuals.
- the office is ran by interns and contractors
- no perspectives for career development
-Poor management and difficult communication with the head office
- some managers forget about their team member’s existence. No wonder there is such a high turnover and low morale. The fact of being unknown may bring some mistrust. A lot of DIY, not the best packages. There are not any cons. - HR lacks efficiency. Everything is a bit slow.
- No free parking (the cost is a bit high). Too much amateur or junior people, balance is being lost;
People don't have work in many, many cases, so they are quitting because they get frustrated;
An unbelievable amateur, out of reality HR department!!! Actually sometimes i think they have no idea in what they are doing! 
If you have work, wage raises are very low or don't exist, and bonus is very small when compared to teams that don't have work! I personally felt this!!!
They cheat to hire people, promise good things and work, but in reality it's not what happens.
Many teams work portuguese bank holidays because it's not a bank holiday in france! Fot those bank holidays you will be paid a maximum of 75% of your wage!
They will offer you, let's say, 30K per year. But then when you go to sign a contract your 30K per year will be divided in 25% for "Isenção de horário" and some more percentage to "flex"... Then you have a clause in contract stating that Natixis can take that from you at anytime! They also don't explain that those percentages stop counting for your hour rate, which means that if you need to do overtime or work a bank holiday, you get paid less than in a normal day!. .Some projects still uses legacy systems. Even though, many new tecnologies like DevOps, Big Data are being transfered to Porto.. None off the top of my head. Growing, constrained floor plan, need more space. Management does not want to listen to good ideas & proposals. Agile projects structure is only working within particular groups, & only b/w some of the departments, not as overall company policy. The projects would get approved from the higher level, without consulting people who might propose something better. Even if something better is proposed & might be favorably viewed of up to the highest possible level of, the proposals are generally dis-regarded in favor of old approved structure, even if it makes no sense. If the proposal are disregarded, it usually takes a very long time to build something and the problems with delivery and workflow are becoming "a bad taste in the mouth" for a long time. The lessons however are NOT learned & the same story usually repeats on a different project.  Work from home is generally not approved, but it's up to the manager.. -HR just don't know what they are doing
-Their are recruiting like there is no tomorrow but there is no work to do, it's just to achieve HR goal.. 600 people
-people is starting to leave... more want to and waiting for an oportunitity
-managers don't really know what to do
-everything is political always trying to get in the good grace of someone and nothing happens..
-when you have something to do is never challenging.. always crap that in France don't what to do...
-everything  is blocked.. to do something most of the time the problem is unblock access to some repository or something like that... Smaller than other investment banking. Carrier development to be improved. The headquarter in Paris centralizes everything which means the local platform has little power over many topics. Company is  French speaking and English can be non-existent sometimes.  Very limited growth opportunities for non-french speaking people. Very political overall. Very backward in terms of technology.  You can have tons of workload and stress due to high turn-over.. The management in general is pretty bad. The overall culture fosters nepotism and poor planning. What ends up happening is a 20% of the people does 80% of the work. And half the time it's unnecessary busy work.. Management is out of touch, assets are being slowly eroded, no action is being taken in regards to passive investments, the executive team is, specifically sales management, desperately underprepared, tactical, and responsive to short term market changes only. There is zero strategic direction on the US distribution side of the business. Nepotism is rampant through out the company.. weak management-too much hierarchy
do not promote females 
pay
poor technology. Poor Management - Negative and fear-based. Limited WFH options and flexibility
Parent company exhibiting greater control over local operations. Work life balance is not a strong point of this company.  Taking time off is frowned upon and there is no work from home option.. There is no quality assurance related to the software development.
The IT department of Natixis  is a huge department, aggregating many, many teams .There are no documentation regarding software implementations, IT infrastructure. The only thing I got was asking persons. So, it seems an anarchy, at least with the teams I had to work (were several)
There you are a number, or something like a robot to whom someone will ask you something to do. 
There is almost no chance to make a career.. You need to know some french. Rely a lot on hiring external people for management positions. To casual sometimes, could be more professional.. None. I found Natixis a very enjoyable place to work. French management style which was not for me. mobility, structure, timetable, crm, holidays. Lack of opportunity to move to different teams within IT.. low pay, absurd amount of dumb french people, low quality juniors (especially from graduate programs..seems like all the left overs come and hired for the sake of running the graduate program), not enough female on the floor but mostly if there are some, the ones with lower educational level and questionable backgrounds are promoted. Typical French bank with all the headaches you can conjur up. poor management, instability poor IT department. long hours, lots of red tape. Chief Operating Officer is difficult to work with. nothing special about inconvenients in this company. No innovation. 
Slow at following trends.
No standard practice.
Not willing to invest on technology.
Only French (or westerners) is considered for senior manager position.
Lower salary for other ibanks.
Worst pantry for ibanks.. lousy management
People are at their cubicles the whole day
no over time pay. You will be overworked and under-paid.  The politics in the organization are ridiculous.   As well as the prolific nepotism.  If you get sick from the overwork they will look at you as a liability and fire you.  AVOID them at all costs.. Limited advancement opportunities 
Lower than market pay 
Tons of bureaucracy. Low pay,  especially for the finance industry.. Senior management only care about looking good and push blame downwards. Not very experienced. Make sure you know what you boss is like before joining.. no career advancement for asian. no room for career growth unless you're French.  awful management. high turnover rate at all levels. absurd lack of diversity.. Pay is exceptionally low for finance industry. There's no upward mobility here unless you're a snotty frat boy or somehow you're connect to someone in the C-Suite. There's no real work from home benefit here. They patronized us by giving us a 1-2 day/week benefit but in actuality most managers only let people do it 1-2 days A MONTH. It's a joke, really. Also, the HR department here is a complete disaster. They have no idea what current competitive salaries are and have no clue what employees want. They are a bunch of catty dinosaurs that terrorize people around them and hold people back from promotions and raises.. Underpay. The pay is far lower than other French ibank. (15% - 30% lower)
Too French, and no change despite knowing this problem.
Poor structure.
The investment banking services have almost NO recognition.
Staff are poorly organized.. non, i love working here and i highly recommend. Not sure yet, but watching promotion time. Non-competitive pay.  Slow growth opportunities.. sometimes limited scope for promotion, some language difficulties dealing with a Head Office based in France - even though the official language is English. Only french employees - need more international and diversity. platform is too far behind as compared to competitors when it comes to legal, operations, systems, models, risk and business strategy.
Environment is very political with a clear divide between French versus Americans, regional platform versus Head office, Equity versus Fixed Income.
Management lacks vision and ambition to grow and gain market shares.
Name recognition is a huge impediment to grow the business and US management is not willing to invest in promotion and marketing.. Lack of management advice, lack of following-up on projects. Less exposure, pure french culture and french transaction. Bad management.bureaucraty.difficulties to express the advice. Compensation is below average. Career opportunities are limited in London, you have to play a lot of politics. Top management is almost entirely French.. Very limited career opportunities, limited salary progression.. Towards the end of my contract my responsibilities dwindled which made the role quite dull.
Everyone ate their lunches at their desks.. Create your own work or you will be bored. slow paced, difficult to move things around, limited progression opportunities. Not very competitive and very French mood. Compensation is less than the average. Very limited growth opportunities. Politics, lack of reactivity, not competitive with regards to pricing. No real  advancement possible if you are not a French national. Lack of effeciency and time consuming processes. Income varies year to year, and territory to territory. Better if you speak French
Compensation below peers'. Not a lot of opportunity for advancement.. salaries, Good managers, health care,. Too much control from Paris, too few freedom in NY. - pays below market
- high turnover  (especially it seems that new joiners don't stay)
- poor technology
- no culture (not even a poor one)
- understaffed (outside France)
- very old school
- a French company for French people
- despite knowing all that, no change (or so slow that the motivation to change can be questioned). its a very bureaucratic organisation. being French is a big plus to get promoted. Priority in terms of career advancement is given to French people who come here in a working visa and then do not want to leave at the given time. The compensation is not market.. Less good career prospective but not too bad. Culture is stifling.Very low morale. not very organized in terms of tasks to delegate - experienced idle periods often. No real down side, maybe just some issues with IT, a very bad CRM, but overall a very good experience in a good company.. I do not have any cons to review. Hard to make change despite commitment to innovation. Limited room for growth and not enough incentive for employees to really engage themselves.. Really no cons. Can sometimes feel like an all boys club.. they do not have flexible work schedule. the terrible head manager in the office. Extremely high turnover rate, and poor management.. lack of proper induction/ training facilities. A job that requires too much work, it makes you become narrow-winded and greed for power, lust and money every day. Does not take many risks and no thinking outside the box.  Hard to move within the company and not much flexibility.. One of the worst places to work for seasoned folks.. Work life balance
Salary comparing to the industry. Failure to see potential in deserving people, not enough headcount for groups who need it, too much head count for groups who don't.. Politics, politics, politics! Projects tend to take a long time to complete because the review process is tedious, everyone has a critique and not always in the constructive way. The prospects of advancement are tough and internal employees are treated like external candidates, maybe even worse, during the interview process. Divide between senior management mentalities and mid/entry-level associate outlooks will be an issue as time goes on. No diversity. Contractors do not receive any benefits and or security. Interns are only recruited if they are referred by an executive.. there is no clear directions from management. No promotions based on work (most based on who you know)
For a small company, change could be faster
Poor variable (bonus)
Senior management not experienced enough. not enough willingness to innovat. Poor availability of the management, recruitment process most of time biased since the job is allowed before the job offer is posted and limited possibilities in terms of advancement.. Deteriorating work environment (french expat). Unclear strategy. Pay lower than bigger banks. Name recognition issue.. The bosses like to micromanage and leave taking was not flexible. Old staff get away with slacking.. Few possibility of evolution, cash bonus represent a big part of total compensation. - Most of department are under staffed
- the average salary is less than in other companies. A lot of deadwood at management level.  Poor pay relative to street. Little to no advancement unless you are French and male.  Policy of moving deadwood from HQ to satellite offices.  US still has largely all french senior management, which all came from HQ.  Support areas are totally understaffed, and as cuts continue, your career is taking a backward dive to cover other peoples work.  And keeping deadwood means the decent employees are even more overworked and underpaid.. diversity is not something the French excel at. lots of racist jokes (and you are supposed to laugh). the French are great at combining coffee/cigarette breaks all day long, to realize they haven't done a single thing during the day (and hence stay until 8-9pm). and I am French.... - Stressful environment
- Inadequate career advancement. very busy  fast-paced work. Pay is below street but hours are generally better to reflect this, can be a very risk averse culture but this has more and more become the norm for the banks. Governance and strategy was not always clearly explained to employees and it was hard for one to project themselves in the longer term.
The working atmosphere was quite tense and people were not trusting each other.. Too focused on France, strong hierarchy. One of the bad things that I have personnaly faced but you may probably not is the vertical heirarchy. It's not so easy to reach top managers. It's not very suited to young people searching to start a career in the financial industry. It's better to get there after a couple of years in a well known firm.. Extremely political and very high employee turnover; consistently overpromise and under deliver. I don't know of any as on my initial research you seem like a great company to work for.  Until you work for a company you can read everything that you want to about the company to find out about how the inner workings function.. Director of my group was not knowledgeable in the work we handled. I did not feel I could go to him to ask for help or questions.. -Seems like there is no interest in actually doing business
-Moral has been killed by management
-Confusion on what people actually do and can do
-Ambition is not nourished. Too little resources to significantly improve interplay between personality types, hence the majority of workforce waste time playing a political game instead of pulling together and acting cohesively.. Half of the workplace interns / grads
No career development / lateral movement (no HR dept in London) 
Significant underinvestment in staff training 
Too many egos in senior management - self motivated, lacking leadership skills and questionable morals 
Below market pay
No respect for teams o/side sales
Not on the same level as established, Tier 1 investment managers
Only 2-3 products that are actually scalable / viable. Once market environment isn't favourable things will become interesting. Nothing I can think of.. If you are not into the small company feel, then it is definitely not for you. Departments are very isolated from one another and it can feel small and cliquey within them. In Sales, it is all about social networking - which makes sense for the profession, but can be as con as the firm isn't the prime example of a meritocracy.. Under-market pay, few responsibilities for interns and apprentices. Can't really think of any, but they make you write something here. Worst company ever
Employees
Management
Lack of everything
gossip. Not that much diversity as it is mostly french. Not a lot of opportunities to move into full time roles due to weak economic environment at the time. - compensation is poor
- lack on internal opportunities
- still very focus on French market and clients. More can be done in supporting the training and development of staff. More can be done to groom and promote local staff.. Slow to change 
poorly paid 
little room to progress from a junior position. Not much room to grow. Disjointed management structure. Lack of accountability.. Lack of experience within the Dubai team
Very bad management. no specific cons just may be the salary. Poor hierarchical scheme, language barrier with the head office in Paris, cultural and systematic differences between Paris and New York, long hours. None.  It was difficult at times because we were managed out of France.. Strong bias toward French employees.. nothing much to say make it less french. Everything is good. If any, supervisors have high standard, but this is good for employees... There isn't much business going on, less than in US banks. Not as flexible as some firms. Growth Potential seems to be limited at some roles.. quiet boring  good hours and a good environment in the offices. u didn't do any trade but u can learn a lot. Very Paris-centric
Lack of willingness to invest in infrastructure. room for growth, career advancement. Maybe a little too far from Paris so the responsibilities are not extravagant but still it is really fair so I would not add too much cons because it would not be fair. Management was often kept in the dark from those in France. The French seems to manage by consensus and decisions take for ever to made.. The cons are the usual issues with any firm nothing out of the ordinary.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Not the most ambitious environment / people
Generally speaking not the most cutting edge organization. The firm is very sales centric and opportunities outside sales are limited. Teams also struggle to work collaboratively. Compensation is below its peers, unfortunately because the company is over staffed, it is difficult to consider a path career.. Don't have any at this time. Doesn't have a good work for home policy. Small opportunity for growth, not a diverse workforce. Working in IT is like having a glorified dead-end job. There's literally zero chance of movement unless your manager leaves. Quality work goes unrewarded most of the time and some of the departments within IT are extremely dysfunctional. Toxic political climate. There are several unqualified and completely clueless managers in charge that pretty much ruins it for the rest of us. Second-tier bank pay which means lower end of the scale. You will seldom see significant raises or bonuses to write home about. Sometimes you'll get the good old double zeros regardless of how hard you worked or the quality of work you have put out. Zero effort on attempting to keep talented employees on board, not that there are many of them here. Seems like a landing area for dead end "tech" people. No employee training program.. Senior management may want to consider reaching out to supports groups. No training
No parking space
No access to the fitness room
Opacity of the recruitment process
Few consideraton for interns
Move of the operational center from Paris to London. If you are not French you will not grow with the company. 
Example I worked over 2 years as a consultant, a new French related consultant came aboard they gave the new person that did not have my qualifications a senior position with a permanent position.. The negatives of Natixis are pay, pay, pay, and pay.  That, and the salaries are very low, and bonuses are small to nonexistent.. Eveything is in French.  No team spirit. Small team, can't work on mega deals. Local culture is bureaucratic and narrow minded. demographics of the workforce is towards the aged workers hence strong resistance towards change and very restrictive thinking. Inability to be flexible and to think out of the box.. Challenges include small size of company relative to other industry leaders. An opportunity to take on challenges but at times you are at a loss for step by step guidance.. Not extremely stimulating job. Company on the smallish side
Company not based in the U.S., but based in France
Laissez Faire management style
Poor office layout. Monotonous, lack of diversity, little room for creativity, strict with hours even if it would save you an hour commute to leave 7 min early to catch a train, rigid and "classic" stereotyped sales culture, unnecessary/mandatory meetings even if no one has anything to say and looks at the clock until time's up. too much micromanagement, cold calling is tough. Although the quality of services owed to meet high standards, it was not always easy to understand the corporate culture when I was listening the middle management. No careers opportunities and no visibility for the future.. None serious enough worth mentioning.. Low pay , no training , human resources are not really responsive , not really career prospective within the comps y and it seems that cost cutting has gone too far in some departments while others still waste money. employees have no motivation, some departments are grossly overstaffed, very political organisation: the best performer is often not the one rewarded.. slow company procees take time. Not the best company for Administrative Assistants.  Time is spent over multiple groups, but you are not compensated all that well.. Very Limited compensation. Very centralized organization. Non-French speaking Americans will have a difficult time in this firm.  Over last few years, company has become very Paris-centric.  Most senior leadership are French ex-pats; difficult to get decisions made as no one in NY wants to ruffle feathers and jeopardize their position for a return to Paris.. Working here seems like you are moving at negative warp speed.  All decisions need 3x more people that it should and takes 5X longer than it should. Pay is on the lower end of financial services. The firm overall is disorganized and there is very little cooperation between departments.. Still a small bank compared to the biggest in Wall Street. very political French bank that still retains a state-owned feel to it. It's impossible to fire anyone in the Paris office as it is too expensive. therefore, many layers of useless tools act as a tax on the productive members of the bank.. Lot of Time of work. long hours if you work on the front office
European focus. Corporate politics as usual, other than that nothing wrong with the company although i've heard they favor the french too much. Not that good to stay. At times, an overflow of projects with tight deadlines.. --strange management, few means, good place to work but in the middle of nowhere. -Lack of Emphasis Upon Employee Development/Training (i.e. building Tangible Skills for Junior Level Employees)
-Internship Program is Basically A Joke--No Real Emphasis Upon Seriously Taking on Temporary --employees for Worthwhile Permanent Positions (i.e. Basically Doing  "drudgery work" mostly admin tasks,  as opposed to working on live deals.
-Lack of Focus Upon Internal Recruiting
-Top-Heavy in relation to Senior Management to Junior Staff. absolute lack of professionalism and morals in corporate culture. Bureaucracy and politics pervasive throughout the bank. French nationals and French speaking employees are definitely favored. Paris head office is slow to react to NY trading desk requests and there seems to be a communication breakdown regarding the understanding of risk between NY and Paris. Compensation is lower than average for investment banks based on anecdotal information. As it is a small bank in New York, opportunities are limited. Senior management, especially in risk, are not open to promoting people to different areas within risk. However, for French speakers willing to go to Paris there is more to choose from.. Don't work in HK office unless you want to be publicly criticized and insulted, very unprofessional and undignified.  Some staff in senior management positions lack experience or real management skills, especially in people management.   Do not value employees or develop their strengths.  Lack of communication and team work in some departments.  Do not have a proper HR department.. resources go to sales
as the company grows, so does a hierarchy. The career track was limited.. lack of communication between departments. Intelectually not very challenging
Senior profile not very impressive
A bit lazy
Management changed 3 times in one year
Not much deals. Not as well known of a name in the industry at the GA level though the funds have great recognition.. Extremely unprofessional environment. All management and comptent employees left us after the 2008 events and the loss of more than half billion in the Maddoff scandal. All who is left are people with limited talent and  with no other options but to stay.  They are hiring now but they can't seem to bring people with talent to the organization. Compensation bonus is based on whether your manager likes your company or not .. They don't take care of the employees who have dedicated themselves to the company. unfair promotions
favoring from management
extremely male oriented
weak culture. lack of communication from senior management
policies dictated from parent company. not much room for growth.  french control is very hands on approach taking power away from us-based finance professionals.  layers and layers of committees and very bureaucratic.. Horrible pay, very rarely give promotions, very rarely give bonuses, never praise employees on good work, very negative management feedback.. normally it takes quite long time for a project to be done, some politics within the company, it is usually not easy to transfer within the company. Lack of communication from upper management, no clear idea of where business is heading, lack of leadership, probably the lowest possible salaries for a banker, no additional perk, bonuses are a laugh. Limited resources
Lack of name recognition
Senior management in France not supportive of effort. No feedback provided, no leadership to be expected, no mentoring. No vision provided for your career development, and not a cent will be spent for your professional development.. bureaucracy, not as prestigious as a tier one i bank.. There is no structure or strategy for the future. No one knows where they are going or what their goals are. If they do set out some goals and strategies there is no guarantee that they will be implemented because everyone at senior management have their own ego which comes first. If they are not satisfied, they will make sure that others arent either. There is too much rivalry within the many many layers of management and this slows down the maschine.. You need to be in the "inner circle" to be recognized. If you're not, you're persona non grata. Management seems to surround itself only with those people who agree with them. Essentially there are a lot of "yes" people who are simply seeking to curry favor with the CEO. The CEO, unfortunately, doesn't recognize this and is therefore quite insulated from what's going on.. The broker dealer has made a turn for the worse as most new talent has been coming in from Paris. The broker dealer is not hiring as many americans as they used to could be a liability for the company. The Human resources department is not very helpful. I really have nothing else to say about the positives one hundred words is alot to ask for especially when 20 or so is all that is used on the reviews for this website although the website is useful. I really have nothing else to say in this section. That is all.. Graduate scheme was atrociously bad, but once free of that there are good, enjoyable jobs to move on to 
I was paid less (both base and bonus) than a male colleague in my team doing the same job with a very similar level of experience
No options for flexible working. Not everybody knows what they are doing. You will have to work with lots of people who are coasting along (particularly managers). The interview process and job description was incredibly misleading. The hiring managers, HR team and recruiter really did not understand the role they were offering and described it atrociously, which was a great shame.. The focus is very much in the presentation of the core geographic regions, so if you work outside that your job is a lot less secure.. Be prepared to set your own way. Too many options and opinions makes it hard to work and have clear direction. Change in management from original founders has meant a change in culture which was previously such a strong pro.. Too many meetings to make decisions. As with any company there is always room for improvement. Management have too much power. Progress is heavily dependant on your ability to form strong relationships.. Not much bad to say here. career opportunities limited, no paid overtime. Messages from the management are mixed and priorities are often confused.. Lots of pressure , hard to move up. no growth opportunities which is frustrating. Promises of career progression which never amount to anything. Slow to get setup. Larger company means takes longer to settle in and build network.. None little zero no cons. constant change of management. fairly political
 
salaries usually below market.. Too many people have only ever worked at Investec 
My manager only ever cared about managing up and looking good in front of senior people, instead of caring about her team. not able to meet the people under current circumstances. It is difficult to be promoted as there are no roles since a lot gets outsourced
HR is very slow with things
Some Managers are completely unapproachable
Salary and Bonuses are on the low side
A lot of nepotism 
PDRs are done and disappear into a black hole. Political environment, Hierarchy, poor communication.. not big cons honestly, I enjoy it. No progression - feels growth for employees is not a priority. Low salary, hard to get promotion. Lack of movement / promotion opportunities. Flat structure /lack of job titles, too many structure changes meant a tough 2020 for many people in the business. Disorganised as decisions are often left until last minute. I can't think of anything. Busy Busy Busy! Need to come up for air :-). company you love. See the Community Guidelines for more details.. Low pay relative to others in the market. Unclear career progression as structure is too flat. Work/life balance and progression is slow. High pressure, clients can be mean , long training , hard exams ,. No cons really.  I have been really happy here for the last 6 years. Every tiny thing is has designated people and roles and permissions. Which can drag the process a bit.. New organisation structure is not as good as the old one.. None that I can think of. internal movement is almost impossible. Slow , not flat, pay, bonus. Nepotism is rife it does not matter if one is right for the role or not and progression is rapid for people who has a relation who is loaded, Family already  works at Investec, or one is  South African. They go on about inclusion and diversity but they are way behind other Banks. One team had redundancies and two of the female staff were targeted one to another area ,and one made redundant leaving 5 males and one female in the team.. Slow growth and remuneration, mature leadership needed. restricted career progression and development opportunities. The UK bank is not as well recognised in the market, as it is a small bank.. corporate structure, management, don't make diffreence. Career progression difficult (flat structure doesn’t help your long term prospects). high pressure
pressure 
pressure 
pressure 
pressure. Working in a Bank comes with significant red tape and therefore limited ability to make independent decisions. Nothing I can think of. There are not cons, everything is good. Not a unified approach across divisions. No cons to note here. Not actually people-focused beyond token gestures. They think they have a flat structure but they do not. Not what they seem.. Poor redundancy package
Not always completely as transparent as they profess to be.. Too much change in management 
Decisions are often quite political. Nice friendly place to work.. Lost some of its values and cultures. The environment is very laid back, might let you forget your end goals. The work is also repetitive so there’s minimum growth.. Culture of management style leaves a lot to be desired. Not much but cool though. I've been working 9 years full-time for Investec (in two different divisions) and there are really minimal cons. I've actually seen people leave Investec and then return a few years later.. Disparity between senior (white male) employees and juniors (especially women of colour) is appalling. Management culture reflects this. Convenient lack of clear job titles which is used against you in all engagements. All young talent inevitably leaves. Every second review here discusses poor pay. HR completely anti-employee and at best all they aim to do is ‘look into it and take these matters seriously.’ If you’re not in the select club, you are on your own no matter what you do. But the most disgusting feature is the open racism and sexism with no repercussions.. not always clear how to progress. The Sandton traffic can be a nightmare. Working hours are extended to meet targets. Comp package not great vs other banks
Unsure at times why certain people are still employed when showing zero output or very little.... Don't bother with HR as they will never respond to you.
Investec can't see talent and potential even if it hit them in the face.
 There is no career progression.
Bullying and discrimination is rife amongst certain areas.
Management do not listen to anyone apart from themselves.
Investec loves a sherka!
KPI's - what KPI's?. or this either... not interested. Fragmented business, lack of direction. None I can think of. Remuneration is below market, flat structure can make it hard to see the growth within the company. The salary is dependent on experience. lower than average salary across the market. The teams are poorly managed. don't lose the entrepreneurial culture. As with all financial institutions, subject to the impact of downturns in the market.. Not employee focussed. No training program. lack of career progression, company feels static. Difficult to progress upwards or within.. Didn't believe that marketing was necessary for growth. Outdated 70's management style, thats all. Very South Africa focused culture. Sink or swim mentality
Competitive environment. - everything seems fine at first - a lot of 5 star reviews here...
- disorganised place with no structure and no responsibility, trying to pretend to be an institution 
- insane level of internal politics and nepotism, priority for south africans, daughters and sons of senior bankers and clients. Not gonna get too far if you dont belong 
- pay is well below market and they behave like they are doing you a big favour paying 30% less than competitors
- loads of incompetent people in management roles that think they are the best of the best in the industry, micromanaging and treating you like an idiot 
- bullies thrive here and the HR is a joke - too busy being nice to the bosses
- racist and misogynist behaviour that is swept under the carpet
- noone cares about you (in case you still think that they do) 
- flat structure means your career progression suffers once you leave 
- the bank is not doing well financially
- the day i left was the highlight of my career. there are better companies out there so dont waste too much time. The bank's flat structure can sometimes be hard to navigate. As with everywhere, has its own challenges.
Very segregated with the Private Banks and Corporate Bank where the Private Bank is the newer, shinier world of banking and the Corporate Bank is attempting to drag itself to a more fit for "modern day" purpose state. Unorganised chaos, they change their minds every 6 months. Front office was quite separate from back office more could be done to integrate two and raise awareness of different jobs done in the company.. None really word word word. No titles which can make finding your place as a junior difficult. Pay is a bit below street.. work load, salary, working hours, very lean teams. no structure in place here. can be disorganised and lacking focus. Significant amounts of organisational and leadership changes over the last couple of years & a fair amount of uncertainty regarding job security at all levels at the moment. 
Limited ability to progress (both salary and role) given flat structure
Lack of people leadership skills in middle management
Institutional thinking-often too internally focused. You will do a much less specialised role than you think as headcount is spread thin. It's a great company to work for so there are many with 10+ years under their belt this can lead to a "we have always done it that way" attitude which can hamper development of BAU processes.. Open office environment is not for everyone. Salaries are fairly low and rewards are also low. Salaries tend to be rather low.. Salaries are not always aligned to job spec. centralised decision making slows down ability to deliver. Minimal benefits in terms of medical aid. At a stage the MS Teams meetings became overwhelming. Flexibility was an issue but it probably depends on your Team and your Manager. Low pay, slow and limited progression. Too many dinosaurs.. - Huge salary gaps between co-workers
- Racism. Heavy hours and long days. There was bad management and bullying. limited cons to working at investec. Poor communication
Not much room for career progression. Many people at Investec is rude and inconsiderate.. Some people do not agree with the flat hierarchy structure. •	Can be very chaotic; one needs to learn to juggle a lot and this while a lot more is coming at you constantly
•	People are pretty much who they’d be out of work so this can create some friction in terms of personality types
•	May seem intimidating at first
•	Sometimes way too many “cooks in the kitchen” to make a decision – there’s frustration but also positives in this. Salary for IT not competitive. IT still viewed as a cost center and now the foundation without which the company cannot survive. The IT salaries reflect this view.. No job titles which doesn't help. Average remuneration, sometimes distracted at work and lack focus. Medial day to day internal BU struggles can become draining. Issues with training and career education.
Bad work atmosphere in relation to management rapport.
Lack of power for lower employees in planning of daily work activities etc.. Things have changed since founders stepped down. Need better progression plans for young employees. Better transparency on overall strategy from senior leaders.. Not ideal for introverted individuals. Boys club. If you aren't South African you will be overlooked.. Micromanagement and lack of clear direction. Bonus is rewarded on a 'do I like you" basis
No growth, no promotions
Racism
leadership is poor- leaders underqualified clock-watchers. Do not be fooled by the espoused flat hierarchy. The politics and nature of the business mean you can easily be treated unfairly and dropped, and glass ceilings are prevalent.. If you dont take the initiative then you dont grow. Nobody will baby you. underpays for the work done particularly at young age. They take advantage of loyal employees and people who do not know how to fight back.. Salary, hazy business outlook, management changes.. - organisation and vision
- Political
- siloed mindset. Structure is currently changing at the moment.. - Career progression can be a bit challenging
- High pressure. Can sometimes demand too much of one’s personal time
The famous “culture” could possibly be on the wane. Flat structure makes it very hard to progress in the organisation, in role and an pay. Nothing Bad to write about this company. Culturally still stuck in the past
Lack of cohesion and togetherness
A victim of its own success now that it is too large to be fast moving and nimble
Dead mans shoes culture with respect to acquiring clients
Lack of opportunities for younger staff
Lower pay for younger staff relative to peers. Its all about who you know not your abilities that counts towards bonuses and salary reviews. Lack of progress into different roles or areas of the business
Hard to gain exposure to different business units and move on to develop a career. - lacks organisational maturity
- little process. Lack of structure can mean it is difficult to navigate which can sometimes be quite stressful, things can often progress slowly. time to move on for better prospect. Lack of decision can slow everything down which can be frustrating. Not many progression opportunities. Hard to make any real changes as business seems to push back on everything.. Lower salaries, slow progression, low turnover of senior staff, not meritocratic. Difficult to get volunteers. The company is great. Not much to report in the cons. Sometimes it's difficult to get things done due to regulatory requirements. Very male dominated working atmosphere. Under pays. Salary increase is not great. Can seem a bit unstructured and ambiguous at times - and difficult to navigate. Large corporate
Old technology and software makes roles admin intensive. Not a whole lot wrong with the work place if I'm being honest. Some toxic, narcissistic management masquerading as leaders poisoning otherwise good teams. Autonomy gone mad.. Lots of internal politics
Tough to innovate. Whilst technology is moving in the right direction, there is still a long way to go. Morale has been low since new management have started cost cutting 
Not a very inclusive environment if you are not white, male and British/South African (However management have directed to some resource to tackle this) 
Not much/effective communication from management to staff, half the time not aware of what’s going on in the business. Low basic salary vs market 
Flat management structure means it may take decades to become a manager. People with little experience in the Financial Services industry who want to implement changes with experience ONLY in the public sector.  Competition and envy hidden under the surface of a fast and modern culture. Pre assigned people to a position but follow the selection process by the book to don't show the person they have already selected.. Long hours
Stressful
High intensity job
Steep curve. No culture of performance management meaning you have a few people that drive everything and many that sit around waiting to be told what to do (or in some cases doing nothing). People in the wrong roles leading to difficulties in getting things done. Nothing really bad to say. Very poor leadership skills in top management in Private Bank. HR do not listen to employees problems and push them to leave instead of dealing with underlying issues. Unfair employment practices and nepotism are rife. Risk management team are diabolical and cause high turnover in staff within the bank as well as their own team. Almost 90% turnover of team leaders in 1,5 years.. poor pay, lack of resources. Limited career progression. Not sure it's the same firm after founding father's retired.. Projects start and “finish” but are always left part complete with pressure on employees to pick up what the project should have delivered. A lot of manual process for such a small bank.  A lot of senior management don’t understand what is going on in the business. Inefficient or sub standard employees are not moved on quick enough.. pay is significantly below market. Long hours expected to work. - Pay
- Management stuck in the past
- Racism which was quite blatent and in your face. - Career opportunities extremely limited. No opportunities for growth as the ‘old guard’ has been around for decades. No space for promotion until there is some movement or growth. 
- underpay significantly compared to industry norms. Due to lack of growth one should note that the salary/bonus you start on doesn’t change all that much and will be the benchmark for years to come. 
- bonus has very little to do with performance
- no focused expertise so difficult place to learn. Everyone seems to have very generalist expertise which limits personal development and exit options
- Very difficult to do anything new or innovative as company is focused on undergoing minimum change to gain results
- much easier place to work if you are friends with upper management - sub-par deals are approved and not managed under the guise of someone building a track record. Borders on negligence with client capital
- flat structure is often touted as a pro. The structure is flat at 2 levels, Senior management and everyone else. It is true that it is easier to get face time with upper management compared to other banks, however ‘flat structure’ also means little to no upward mobility. - Company culture and values are no longer embedded in who we are and what we do
- No clarity on roles and responsibilities
- No transparency
- Blame culture
- Old tech
- Little room for innovation
- No employee empowerment. Not much growth to move into other roles. Nothing I can think of. Work hours can be long, however, is well rewarded.. No hierarchy means no accountability at senior level and general lack of meritocracy; below-market compensation and bonus; lack of overall firm strategy as a result of deeply ingrained silo mentality across business units and offices. As the company gets bigger there is a risk that the culture and values of the organisation are lost - and that is our competitive edge.. Can be very demanding at times, but this is expected when you get into this field. I would advise management to prepare staff more for the workload.. Flexible working is inconsistently applied. Businesses are fragmented and in silos. Strategy is unclear. Organisation pretends to be open in culture, but in reality nothing is said. Hugely political and difficult to navigate with no clear organisational design. Salary benchmarking poor, HR useless. No obvious cons to working here. -the only consistent thing is change
-salary could get better really 
-high pressure environment. Non-hierarchical structure, long hours. Long hours, departmentalized therefore lack of cohesion amongst the different business units. Glass ceiling, lower wages relative to street. Poor pay. 
No room for much growth.. Need more accountability and raise expectations from employees.. Poor communication between HR and employees. Flat structure leads to a lack of job titles. Size of the work force. The opportunity is what you make of it.. Lack of diversity, as is common in the industry eg in terms of gender pay gaps, female representation in senior positions and representation of BAME ethnicity. Face fits culture, Favoritism, Nepotism 
Messy structure, a lot of talk & little action, to many managers and team leaders.. narrow minded management for all. Hours can sometimes be long. Management are flexible and realistic. Absence of blame culture but ownership is encouraged and management will support you appropriately.. manual systems, hectic work hours. People are expected to take responsibility of their own career progression so some may fall behind in their professional development or pigeonholed. 

Silo structure which makes it challenging to address issues on a central level and leads to constant unnecessary change. Lack of transparency.

Activity Based working (no fixed desks). Lower than market remuneration, poor bonus, internal politics create hurdles for real reform and changes.  Limited support means you have to rely on your own resources.  Business is like a flea market .. Office bound, slower uptake on new technology. Internal politics.  No titles made it difficult to navigate.. None that I can think of. Bad line manager 
Lack of transparency. With the exception of certain roles, the remuneration seems to be fairly average.. Too relaxed, some individuals exploit this and cannot justify salary if questioned.. Salaries tend to be lower than market benchmarks unless you are high up in management. Long hours are quite normal too.. The place is very addictive and you end up staying for too long.. Training is somewhat disjointed and is highly dependent on your line manager. Different businesses have different cultures so experience can vary from corporate to private bank.. Slow to change, red tape, aggresive culture. None that I can think of. The job is high-volume, repetitive minutes taking. Variety in not on the table and no input whatsoever, other than the production of minutes, is required of the team.  As there is only one manager for each team, career progression is not an option.. can be slow with innovation. Little communication from upper management
Blame culture
Little acknowledgment for good work. - Toxic work environment - condescending, racist and misogynistic. White men promoted at expense of more experienced and competent minorities and women
- Team heads have no interest in people on team or managing
- Very anti-cultural compared to the "Investec culture" that is pitched - strongly enforced hierarchy
- Pay is very below market. Lack of titles used against you as in "Associates" unlikely to ever get a VP bump (responsibility or salary)
- Days off / personal commitments (including evenings and weekends) are ignored/ used against you. Can be difficult to navigate. Pay is not the best in the market. flat structure means your only form of progression is through pay.. - Speaking to clients can be overwhelming - especially if they are angry. None I have to mention. Dreadful IT systems, no clear direction within your role which can be frustrating, can be very political, progression is very slow. Male dominated industry. No Staff benefits. A global presence is lacking, but these challenges are continuously bring addressed.. Very important to networking as it is a bank focused on relationship banking. Not much to say that's a con.. Increases, bonuses, pressure, lack of EQ from managers. Too much red tape and takes too long to get anything done. Lack of ambition and drive. Flat structure doesn't really work. There are pockets within the bank that seem to operate very differently to how one imagines Stephen Koseff and the well-respected founding members of Investec intended. Labour laws seemingly shirked and heads of department pick off and attempt to annihilate any unsuspecting employees they take exception to. 

High staff turnover in various teams should be scrutinised, truly anonymous surveys conducted, and questions asked of so-called leaders who appear to be running the good reputation of the bank into the ground. 

Investec can only eke out the legacy of a wonderful place to work for so long, until the flouting of good ethics and indeed, the law, gets some attention.. Lack of role definition can cause challenges. Just recently joined, so have not noticed any issues yet.. Quite complex structure, culture not for everyone. Though it is sold as a benefit flat hierarchy means there is a lot of politics & lack of trust between staff.  There can be very little direction at times.. no job title and flat structure which would be a good thing if it didn't lead managers to actually don't manage. This creates a strange and chaotic culture where randomness, unnecessary power struggles and unhealthy conflicts appear.. Male dominated, lack of diversity. I really do not have any cons.. It Is a very reactive work environment meaning that you may have to sometimes work long Hours. Some of the business stakeholders can be difficult and at times overly demanding.. -hard work required
-Travel time to the office. You wont like it if you believe your role gives you power. Still a young Private Bank.. Management. Lack of opportunity to progress, despite company promoting opportunity for growth.. many interviews to get inside, snobbish culture. There can be alot of hoops to go through to get something changed
Salary ranges. - Poor management 
- BOYS CLUB, a favoritism of male colleagues at the expense of females who are equally or more qualified
- Many late nights and weekends, mainly due to management's inability to make or stick with decision
- Major disconnect across groups when it comes to culture
- No accountability with managers and senior members, who would rather point fingers and blame juniors
- Lack of team work. High Turnover
Low Morale 
Compliance Culture is Low. - The pay lags behind industry norms and hard work is often not recognized.
- Salary is by percentage increase as opposed to restructures for internal moves regardless of the career jump or responsibility undertaken (e.g. from from admin clerks to front office). Hence if you were on the lower spectrum, you remain there for a considerable amount of time despite your colleagues earning more doing the same job.
- Your mandatory medical aid is not subsidized.
- There is also no transparency from management with regard to decisions directly affecting employees.
- Internal politics can affect your career progression if you are not in the relevant circles.
- Management often also pays lip-service to culture and in some instances your career progression is at the mercy of managers who can unilaterally block internal moves.. The management might change company structure without transparent communication and the people are working under risk of being marginalized not because of competency but because of decision from top down.. Limited advancement into Front office roles. The way Investec is structured and the way work is approached really is quite different to most UK firms which can leave new starters feeling a bit disorientated.. - For some people, the entrepreneurial structure and environment won't work well. For the right individual, they'll thrive. Lack of direction and process
Favouritism used to divide the team
Bullying behaviour– team members are regularly put down publically and privately. Management undermines team to key stakeholders and often goes to ruthless lengths to exercise authority.
Micro management – gone are the days when you could just get on with your job. Management want to oversee everything yet are never in the office/at their desk, so processes are labored 
Hierarchical and political
Your time is not valued at all by senior management, be prepared for frequent meeting no shows with no apology or explanation 
Chaotic. Financial reward solely at your line manager's discretion rather than on merit
No drive to develop young members of staff 
A clear divide between the "money makers" and their support staff. Sometimes change hasn't happened quick enough but that's something that is being adopted.. Below market related salaries
Top heavy
Company structure involves different business units with different cost centres thus creates complexity.
Front office requires CA degree (masters does not count)
Company benefits are not great - 1. private bank account carries a staff fee of R220 pm. 2. Staff do not get medical aid or pension benefits (you cover 100%) 3. No special rates on vehicle or property financing.. Inconsistencies between teams on benefits like flexible working, compensation well below market, heavy emphasis on who you know as opposed to work produced.. Recently it's gone really downhill. I wouldn't recommend anyone joins CIB marketing. There are 3
 people left because everyone else wanted to get out. No leadership, back stabbing, no transparency to the business about what's going on, politics and brown nosing to those who are classed as 'more important'. The Investec culture in marketing is non-existent.. Brand name in Australia. The wealth management arm of Investec is stuck in the 1970s both in terms of technology and attitude. Salary is appalling for a London firm and bonuses/salary come out of the managers pockets which means most managers are reluctant to pay their assistants well. Equally there is little investment in improving infrastructure as it means less money in the investment managers pockets. Promotion to Investment Director is based on AUM and somehow that means new investment directors can suddenly manage people or a team without any prior experience or training. Studying for exams/ working hard is pointless unless it is convenient for your manager that you progress, which is unlikely as they rely on you to pick up the slack whilst they're out on 3 hour lunches. Nepotism is rife with fathers, sons, and uncles working on the same team and people are hired/promoted based on who they know rather than being right for the role/merit.. Not very flexible with working hours, only seem to offer full time positions 
Have to apply via specific recruitment agencies. Acquisitive, leads to periods of turmoil
Quite political, loud voices seem to carry
Can be rather nepotistic. Lots of in fighting, strange culture. Ruthless and manipulative management, cliquey culture, unfair and inconsistent pay.. None that come to mind. None that I can think of. pay is not in line with market rate. Not hungry enough for success. Office did not have a gym, which was frustrating as many banks in the Wharf have great sports facilities. Process, time to get things done. - White male dominated
- Some (not all) can be racist. 2% salary increase after being there for over  2 years and last year nothing!
Not allowed to work from home, as top boss doesn't trust colleagues 
They say it's not top down structure but do not be fooled by this. The bosses are running you 
Fake promises for training and trips, nothing actually happens at investec unless your one of the golden boys who gets everything. 
To many meetings 
Contractors have the upper hand as they treated like employees, invited to all events etc and paid properly. Work/life balance is difficult, many employees are arrogant. Salary is below average,  bonuses tend to be hogged by senior insecure London bankers and organisation operates in a client vacuum.  Aspiring to mediocrity is not ambitious.. No career path, salary growth very slow. Global reach, UK reputation as mid-market player. can be slow to make decisions, have to get collective buy in.. Different policies across different teams
Not enough inter-team/office communication. As grown rapidly and not always easy to manage that growth and retain its distinct cultural and above mentioned values.. Very few cons. The culture of open and honest debate, can, sometimes, lead to people saying more than they should.. no cons, I like everything about this company. Often found myself without any work to do 
The IT help desk can be slow to respond and often were unable to help with issues
Workplace politics slowed down job completion. Looking for a clear career path? This isn't the place for you. Flat management structure is a downside - it has a negative effect on the work dynamics, and cancels out the good points about the bank. None really enjoyed working there. Some of the lower middle management types don't seem to fully embrace the culture as envisioned by the business founders, this I think can dishearten some of the admin staff they manage.. Chaotic, mental at times. You can still work out of your role and across many areas which makes it interesting and exciting. Getting used to the new executives is bit tedious. They all trying to prove themselves and the politics has become awful.. Lack of work
AWFUL management
No social side
No progression. None



no cons that I can think of. There are no real cons. High pressure to perform in a difficult market. Being a start up, and entering a highly competitive market it was a challenge to reach targets. Growth in the organisation will plateau after 3-4 years and the salaries are below market. It is a small company, so the deal sizes aren't always going to be big compared to the bulge bracket investment banks like UBS, Goldman, JP Morgans, etc.

The lunch spots are quite expensive. Bowl of Noodles could cost you $50+ more.

It is a very corporate environment, and hours are not as flexible like a startup.

Salaries are not great for young talent compared to larger firms.

Pathway to promotions are not the most direct.. Low basic salary relative to competitors with potentially large, but not guaranteed bonuses. Flat management structure is great for quick decisions but not for aspirations. Investec -None. Why people leave because of Managers. Work life balance and at times culture was an issue. Think different - more like be more conforming
Entrepreneurial - more like do what others have already done

I think this actually depends on the teams, but as the organisation has grown, the diluting of the culture is starting to take place. Also, the company does use culture as a reason to get rid of people.. Conversely, lack of job titles equals no promotions, so difficult to argue you're doing a job above your pay-grade and get a corresponding bump.
Brand loyalty borders on obsession - naff corporate slogans all over the walls and endless internal presentations where misty-eyed tales of client service abound.
There are popular and unpopular departments and these are not linked to performance.  The former have unlimited budgets and senior buy in, the latter will be largely ignored.
Salaries c.25% below market, in part made up by slighter above averages bonuses (25-50% basic) at 'VP' level, but these can fall to zero in a bad year.
If you can make it to the very top, they'll give you recurring share options that set you up for life, but this is likely to be a 10+ year slog of being constantly promised 'jam tomorrow'.. Pay isn't competitive
Structure isn't as flat as they like to say it is
A lot of wasted manpower in some teams and other teams are stretched massively. Sometimes there was a  lack of work.. Lack of support from the management. The bank works in silos with little or no co-operation between these. This is in contrast to most banks & can be frustrating if you want to do business with another part of the bank.
This is about the only con I can think of.. Upward mobility is a challenge. Hours were sometimes long but I don't think usually as long as some of the larger American banks, canteen is quite pricey, pay for the internship is very low. Internal politics can be annoying. Inconsistent strategy. They try to many things copying other banks. They are a company who promotes green working however my team does not allow working from home even though it can be done, I'm not a receptionist or someone who needs to be customer facing. That's just my bosses culture so I get to see others around me do it, different rules but same company! Also you do not get paid for out of hours work, not even time off in lieu. some of the  people are a little too macho and could do with toning down their level of aggression towards fellow employees he he ehe ehe ehe ehe eh. not enough pay for the amount of work. Based out of SA and had to scratch their US business in 03 because of alleged money laundering. Small bank - can be nimble (mentioned in pros) but also can be slow to adopt new transaction types.
Pay could be better. There are always a few idiots that let the side down, I worked on a large project which probably cost around 2 million, the project was cancelled essentially because a senior management wanted to implement his own idea despite providing no benefit over and above the system being implemented.. Some areas of the bank such as corporate finance and asset management completely separated from the rest of the bank. -Not enough interaction between global offices
-Culture can be hard at times. Poor recruitment agency for full-time position (Dartmouth Partners). Lots of employees who are comfortable in their jobs and lack ambition or drive to do bigger or better things. This is not necessarily a con. Its a personality trait however which is prevalent among a bigger employee base which is quite unusual to see. Flat Hierarchy, decision making can be a long drawn out affair, no officer titles, bonuses not based on metrics.. Small bank compared to the rest of the industry. boring
slow 
rubbish 
awful 
just the worst. Bottom-line focus can be challenging. You are stuck in the same role. have to play games to maybe get ahead
Low salary and little inventive. You have to work hard and fast in this role but the effort is not worth it
If you are black and want to progress to a client facing role it won't happen from the advisor liaison role. There are no real cons. They treat their staff so well, mid year and Xmas parties are immense, team off sites twice a year, they hire well and they keep their staff.. Its a competitive environment and culture is VERY important, you won't last if you don't fit in. There are a lot of silos in the operation, not a lot of collaboration.. There's a lack of career progression available within the company. long hours. Often working weekends is not my idea of an amazing job, but hey Banking is Banking! Put in those hours to get ahead!. Management do not accept or appreciate criticism. Easy to outgrow role, and not a lot of room for growth. Stigma attached to Investec people not always favourable and of all the banks in SA you will work hardest at Investec. I honestly cannot think of anything. Possibly the catering in the canteen could be improved. Counterpoint to above point, this is a sink or swim environment. If you cannot think for yourself and need to be spoon fed, this is isn't the place for you.. Hard to get promoted due to the flat structure. Lots of changes in the structure of the company, constantly.. Are ruthless when cutting jobs, new comers are more at risk, if you don't fit in culturally you'll be out the door pretty quick too.  Last year all IB staff including front office got zero bonuses.  Little or no co-operation acrossd divisions of the bank.. - No job title also mean disadvantage when moving elsewhere, compared to classical titles as AVP, VP at other investment banks
- Work-life balance also means less bonus
- Salary is 10-15% lower than at other investment banks. There were no cons at this job.. The bank is busy with a streamlining process, with all the associated moves and changes. Uncertainty in the market and sector is contributing factors.. Difficult to move into a different department.
Worked overtime without getting paid overtime.
Do not have capacity to train up a new employee - must have experience
Focused on getting the BEE numbers right.
Have to be in a certain "group" in order to be promoted.. i dont see any cons. Lack of structure, can be agressive at times. Can be a very stressful environment, may not get good mentoring, may not have open communication and honesty with all staff members. Not a major bank on your cv. No place to hide! It is a tough environment, in which people with high aspirations flourish. A track record of stability with partners, internal and external.. change management not so great 
people managment not so great
no career planning
to many men in top positions
Huge amount politics. Didn't have tons of work to do all of the time.  I found that it wasn't the direction I wanted to take.. the job itself as a call centre agent
the extremely low salary
there is slow growth if you start off in the client support centre. you normally move towards another 
admin intensive role before you move into another role that probably is not what you really want to do.. layed back, lax, no motive. None, everyone is nice and the environment is pleasant. low salary, no meritocracy, not an international bank. Not high pace, not many US customers. Long hours not much else that's all. Non I can think of. Salaries are way lower compared to top tier banks in EU and abroad. Little development perspective
Not the best salary for a Software Engineer. Salary, benefits, talent program, structure. Low Payroll and International reach. no growth perspectives, management is unreachable and HR is an absolute shame. Very difficult to see growth or career progression. I didnt find any cons. I can't think of any right now. Some offices do not have growth potential. Significantly lower pay, lack of professional career support. Lower salary, bureaucratic in upper management. - juniors are paid badly
- difficult to make career. Static and no growth opportunities. low carrer path, development, growth. Carrier advancement mostly limited to Italians. Local staff (on foreign branches) are understood to be support only for Italian expats. Long days. High pressure. IMi. Salary, HR, bonus, promotion, rotation, relations. No salary increment. Below industry average bonus... Not much career growth opportunity. Salary could be higer always. missing of dynamism and it is not the right place for youg people. Corporate culture is not international despite being a foreign bank.. Work objectives not well defined. - They will not hire people on a permanent basis who are not Italian, they will be hired as contractors.
- They do not progress the careers of ethnic minorities or women unless they are in the back office or in compliance.
- Career progression is so poor somebody was an Assistant Relationship Manager for about 20 years before finally leaving after not being given a promotion.
- Young people only get a role here through connections unless it's a temporary role, back-office role, or compliance role.
- I have witnessed a lot of young people leave because the career progression was not there.
- Incompetence is overlooked if you have connections, are male, and are Italian, I have seen unspeakable mistakes happen at this bank. (I have blown the whistle)
- There are people who coast their way through their career here through connections and being friendly with managers, they do not challenge themself or push boundaries for them and the company to grow. They are not encouraged or pressured to do so either. This is not a good sign at all, you do not want to work with people like this if you want to progress in your career.
- The legal team are the only competent team on the credit floor.. There are no cons I can think of. Low salary, bad working conditions, mobbing in some departments, can not advance in career or in salary.... Less big than others in london. Low pay compared to competitors. No career progression, no salary progression, no challenges. Career path is not clear, salary is not the best in the market,. confused management, often uninteresting and unimportant projects, rigid and slow in implementing any kind of change or innovation, a lot of blabla (aka pointless meetings). if you have a strong academic or technical background i'd give it a pass. weak salaries.. - It's not a  dynamic environment 
- A low career growing  path. A number in a box unless you climb the ladder. - What is communicated externally is different from what is actually done
- Absolutely inadequate management, lack of any required skills
- Growth and bonuses given on the basis on friendships, not business results. Lack of change, opportunities for promotion. Total chaos in managing people and speeding things up. Lack of collaboration between divisions.. Few Bonus
Few Training
Slow Career
Low budget for projects
No other. Really few possibilities of inner career. None. There nothing bad to say.. -All managers are Italian expats
-If you are not italian you dont have any chance to advance
-Most managers are fighting each other. Potential growth for the international business. Pebbles came out after the acekachsbe. Bad company culture
Low pay for interns. poor management and career opportunities. Though career path, below market salaries, credit decision makers with very low international exposure nothithstanding the plan to grow abroad.. No career path for my plan. -No room for improvement 
- Low salary. Steady career and almost zero learning. No modern culture of management
Too much Italian politics 
Very bad internal communication
Frequent changes in strategy and organization 
HR don't fulfill their promises
No attention for personal life (calls and mails late at night, on holiday, during sick leave)
Too much bureaucracy. Too many procedures
Too many working hours per day. slow growth, burocracy, no clear career opportunities. Low salary start when you are just an Analyst. In some divisions they don't give the young people the chance to grow. No possiblity to growth, no career opportunities. Slow, very slow, boring... if you are calm and with no spark, this is your environment. Bad experience, my knowledge remained the same as before.. - Not so many growth opportunities
- Static environment. Ukrainian top management is just killing the bank. There is no clear professional career development. Not professional staff at C-level, managerial team (+10) incapable hired thanks to nepotism or connections. Very low carrier advancement, difficulties in requiring a tailored carrier path and to obtain high-level development opportunities, medium-low salaries. Small bank, but that's also an advantage. The bank is not very international. - Home office is not tolerated just in special cases.. Sometimes processes take too long to be accomplished. No salary increment. You stay there for 10 years also the same. No bonus at all. Don’t expect you will have the benefit like other banks.. Long working hours
Terrible job cultures, with lots of unnecessary tensions within colleagues
Excessive bureaucracy
Limited careers progression and opportunities. No hr structure no career opportunities. bad managment and few changes of growing in terms of career. not very well organized work, working late. No career opportunities, low salary, no development. Once you get in a position there is none career path. flexibility, heavy, no growth, stuck, no career. No raises while you are employed. You should leave the company to get salary raise.. Benefits and compensations are lower than average, highly qualified personnal is not appreciated sometimes. Definitely not the best place for advancement.. Unclear career path. 
Junior contract is not good enough.. Salary is low.
No salary increment.. Difficulty to get promotions and salary increase once you have closed negotiation phase.. Improving the compensation policy regarding the bonus for middle and back office. low salary, difficult to step up or propose ideas- low hr quality : colleagues are of different level of knowledge which creates misunderstandings and frictions. old menthality, few career opportunity, old collegues. Complicated career paths from entry level 
Low salary incresases
Work environment includes also very senior colleagues close to retirement, sometimes not motivated. - IT issues (global IT system not up to date)
- numerous colleagues with lack of motivation and skills
- some notoriously complaining individuals. Huge bureaucracy and low alignment between the responsability/role and the salary.. No career developement, badly managed bank, 1990's IT systems. Hong Kong Branch a joke. Low salary, ridiculous bonus. Stay away.. Italian working Mindset with all it's errors, long procedures, lazy sometimes and stressfull another.
The worst is when a new manager is in place he doesn't build on his formers work but start over in different direction. career opp / compens can be better. To apply a transparent compensation.. It's difficult to distinguish from others and the risk is to get stuck for too much time doing the same things.. Not many possibility to career. After some months the job gets boring and not stimulating.. Can be chaotic at times
Obsolete software which obviously hindered productivity. Almost none. Perhaps slow bureaucracy but in a company of such scale, it is at least understandable. Not a big deal though.. Some premises might go for some restructuring and better equipment (from vending machines to PCs). Salaries cannot compete with investment banks or otherwise.. Poor international experience and hr contacts with employees. Career prospects, pay rises, career ladder. It is not a big bank and as such it is not very easy to be recognized.. High competition and hard selection process; normally it is better to know someone who is already working inside and get a good reference. salary, salary, salary, salary, salary. salary not attractive for the actual position. career development, salary increase, training. Lack of career opportunities, too much people from outside. Too big, too difficult to have speech with headquarters. Organizational silos that means lack of colaboration
Processes to improve
Lack of internationality. Intesa is frequently bookrunner, but rarely book leader.. Somewhat too process-based and slow to change trivial things. The sharing of information and knowledge some times is minimal , and this is a difficulty especially for the new staff. Some people are too much serious and stressed out and this makes it harder to collaborate.. Some chaos in the organization - not clear priorities, wasting time. Sticking to old software. It takes long time to get something done.. a lot to learn but less to earn.... In Intesa Sanpaolo is very hard to have an economical growth. Sometimes projects are slowered by internal political issues. Italian bank : bad bonus, bad managerial expectations. There are no progress in your career, bad salary and no pay raise. if you want to progress your career, stay away. There is no technical career
Trying to get you to pass the benefits as corporate awards. No growth
No incentives to perform at best. during internship you don t learn a lot. Slow to react to the market. Enters new opportunities too late becuase decision are made by the headquarters in Milan.. Career is hard; you basically need to know someone.
And, it's Italy so salries are low.. It's hard to make steps forward with your career.It's a company well-established in Italy and not in other countries so forget about international experiences.. No challenges, nothin new to learn. Slow growth, Old environment, Sometimes "boring" Job. Typical Italian big firm: you just sit down and wait until 6 pm to finish your working hours and go home. No meritocracy, no good career opportunities, no challenging problems to solve/face. Nightmare bureaucracy in internal groups.  If you want to get a (low) salary without effort this is you're place, but you're gonna stay in this mud forever.. Training is always ongoing for all Employees. Work-life balance depends on the expectations of each individual. Company values: considering the worldwide changes in workplaces, Company values are rated "good".. It is difficult to make  internal career unless you have Internal recommendation, regardless of your performance anche achievements. 
Incompetent people just sitting at the desk
MAny business area not responsive to opportunities. It's hard to make steps forward with your career. You need to know and be a friend of a Manager hoping that he can help you. It's a company well-established in Italy and not in other countries so forget about international experiences.. very poor growth, no chance to develop career, annoiyng place to work. There is little possibilities to have career opportunities if you haven't any recommendation by people working in the Management. You could be the best employee of the bank, but if there is a colleague, maybe also incompetent, with a recommendation by the Management, he will pass you. You face company burdens. Excess of rules and limits.. Poor career opportunities, poor project managing. A bit of red tape and the company in general felt a bit behind the times with procedures. flat, no network, low learning, boring. No chance for development of career, no chance for additional education - MBA etc. Certain amount of information is retained in higher levels. NO professional advising on career that is on further steps.. nepotism, scarce opportunities for young people if you're not relative of someone. Flexibility is not given
Bad Image. No cons identified during the period. No cons, no issues at all. Mandatory 45 mins. lunch break.. low bonus which demotivates people. Keeping poor performer without proper intervention on development or exit strategy. Management hierarchy subject to group think. Digital strategy lacks thought. 
 Small balance sheet. Finds it difficult to compete on pay or culture. Not much ambition. Not much innovation. Would probably not have survived without German government intervention.. Career growth, routine job, management. Code is modern for a bank but old for a software company. Asia business focus not enough. Career prospect not very guaranteed. Sometimes too head office focussed. You have to work with a lot of elderly people. Workload is high and need OT. Remuneration is on the lower end of the market standard. Many at times rules-based policyies are preferred over logical/market practices. Was very mundane routine and not involving. Less pay, less deal flow, more vanilla corporate hedging needs, fewer associates and no big graduate scheme feel of other similarly sized banks.. It's hard for upward mobility.. Nothing really that bothered me. Workload too much and management not good. archaic, slow in implementation of new ideas, top heavy. The attitude of the employees - bad behaviour is not being addressed and it is accepted that people deliver bad quality. It is extremely demotivating environment, where people at work lie and quarell with you if you want do simply do your job. With employees who do not want to contribute and take responsibility for their work, plus flat structure of management with almost no possibility of escalation will not help to execute new Strategy 2024.. Poor work environment and low pay. everything else is sub par. More traditional and less dynamic working environment. I have worked in some challenging and interesting roles but there is quite a disparity between departments and department heads. Hierarchical structures are quite fixed.. Limited progression pathway, company strategy is not growth. Was alright till we were informed we will be retrenched.. Global policies are always changing. Full of workplace politics in Frankfurt HQ spilled over to global branches. Lack of training and promotion opportunities to junior people.. None, though I was not there long.. Not the best IT support. low bonus, no room for initiatives. Low efficiency plus workplace politics. IT out sourcing, lay offs. Very poor senior management, compensation not in line with performance. One of the worst compensation in the industry. Very less learning as the average age is very high and it is highly heirarchical. Downsizing bureaucracy but this is for all european banks. management is blind (foreigners ) to local politics. Ancient fox Daji in on boarding creating havoc yet no one does anything about it. little autonomy in regional branches. Lousy pay compared to the industry, Conservative and too German-centric despite striving to be an international bank like its nemesis, Deutsch Bank.. Pay may be low in my opinion. Very bureaucratic
Slow paced environment
Very hierarchical. Management lines and bureaucracy stifles the company. not really keep pace with the latest technology. bad communications throughout the management. Management is oldschool, unable to navigate in 21st century, pay low. overall most of the time the bonus is capped. Non that come to mind. There are no concerns with this company. rather limited room for development. Salary could be better; hard to get a raise. Centric to Germany and German Branch. Red tape, lack of responsibility for own work. Very complicated structure, that seemed to be constantly changing. Not innovative, sleepy and process orientated. Slow moving. Most decisions made in Germany. Sometimes poor dissemination of information to other countries.. None everything was great at the bank. There isn’t salary review every year. technological development is slow, international location are affected the most.. Old-style, centric decision (HQ), not really open to change.. London office treated inferior to Germany (no pay increase, no flexibility for employees to work abroad to be with families during covid, ), pay well below market rate. Disappointing bonus payments over the past years. Slow decision making process here. Main problem is of mentality and culture problem of the bank as a whole. The feeling one receives is that the bank is much more concerned with its internal problems (which are comming in un-limited numbers) vs. a innovative and client oriented approach. Highly proactive employees become as a rule de-motivated given non-existent motivational bonus/success scheme. One gets the feeling that the best employee is the average Joe who does his job from 9-to-5 but doesn't step out of the ranks.. location behind the main station. Sometimes too conservative and lethargic. Only been with company a short time so hard to say. After a year and a half, it becomes very repetitive. Not enough training for new employees.. Very bureaucratic, no linier direct path for career trajectory. lack of opportunity and direction at the company. too large organization, too much compliance, less entrepreneurial. Can't say anything bad about the bank. No increment and not much bonus. limited career advance possibilities, difficult to learn bank SW. -Teilweise sehr bürokratisch
- technologisch eher rückständig, trotz zahlreicher Initiativen der letzten Jahre
- immer weiter zunehmender Spardruck
- zu starker Betriebsrat, der insbesondere eigene Pfründe und Nichtleister schützt
- fahriges und wenig souveränes Management ohne stringente Strategie. Questionable decisions and project management. No motivation, no initiative and no proactivity. Low salary, most of the junior position are contract. lack of clear business direction. schwierige kultur, old employees, changing strategy to often. Jobs are being migrated to Head Office in Germany.. Not always prepared to have an apprentice around. Slow changes, old management way of working, Slow information distribution. Very bureaucratic and slows decision processes down. more traditional and can be still. Poor compensation and career path. - Micromanagement  by mid-level management. not that multi-cultural. hardware is kind of out of date. Hierarchical Structures
Payment currently below peers
Restructuring, cost cutting 
Top Management reshuffle expected 
Somerimed too Process oriented. Some policies and decision making can be Head office centric. Salary revision is not yearly.. Unfortunately the team lead is not good.. Bank has been restructuring the past few months. on the way all the time, old company structures, corporate. No clear direction and no willingness to gain market share.
Wages are below average for the sector.
Bank struggles to keep the best employees,. huge pressure to deliver in short time frames. Sometimes transformation process too slow. Bureaucracy, manual processes, old IT infrastructure. Too small now, no relevant client exposure any longer, hierarchical particularly in Germany. None, keep up all the good work. Overtimes on weekly basis, old software, comparably average salaries(in time to salary comparison, spent time does not equal to the salaries). Hong Kong branch is relatively small compared to European branches. If one is lazy and willing to do the bare minimum to stay in job,  also possible.  Need better leaders who are role models.. sometimes old corporate structures and some old managers without real drive. When I was there I witnessed clear bullying tactics towards more junior staff by a senior manager that although reported was not acted on.  This was wrong and condones actions that shouldn't be tolerated. 
If your conscious can live that kind environment than I guess there's worse places.. Everything else especially treatment to foreign workers..Can see faces made by Talen hiring team when they see non-local candidates. A very racist environment. unlikely to hire foreigners with better skills and exp over local candidates.. Overall bank revenues are suffering (-0.5% EUR interest rates unlikely to change) - reduced IT budgets
Uncertainty over longer term strategy - merger?. - after some years you don't learn to much. Overhours, Unpaid Overtime, not much development. Pay and  limited career opportunities. - No development. Probably you have to change team to start learning something new.
- Most of the jobs require German. (It is not much of a Kontra, since we are in Germany)
- Only Agile Training provided. Anything else you ask is rejected.
- The company is constantly in some saving cost mode
- The office equipment (desks, chairs, computers) are very old. No air conditioning during summer.
- No  free coffee, no filtered water available.
- Parking available only if you paid. I haven't seen a company that is charging their employees to park in the company parking.. Not that I think of right now.. Some red tape that you have to navigate. shrinking stuff number, poor facilities. London base is constantly shrinking.. none I can think of. Not very strong in UK yet, often restructure retreat to EU mainland / Frankfurt.. Pay and bonus  is below market. sometimes get really busy, short staff. Sometimes long hours are required
Uncertainty due to potentially imminent sale. bonus is low in recent years
not a lot of youngsters. Slow in decision making at times. Lack of growth opportunities for young people. Human resources , compensation scheme. No tier 1 bank, small reach outside Germany. Lack of joined up thinking front to back and lack. Cannot think of a con. No salary increase company-wide for several years, pitty bonus. Good for old people as no challenges and all bureaucracy. Nothing to learn and company doesn’t care about the career development for each employee.. Joke of a staff. If you are lazy and don’t want to work hard and make out just fine then this place is for you. Most of the front office would get laughed at by BB yet they actually think they are special. No talent here pretty much a place to build a resume or to end retire at. Nothing more to be said here.. Messy management. Different managers tells you different things towards one issue and you never know who is right until the last day.. Salaries are not competitve, and London suffers from being neither a fully independent branch, nor being quite close enough to Frankfurt to be fully involved in decision making. A frequent complaint is that a lot of communications come through in German.. No clear strategy and very bureaucratic. Options are limited long term to grow unless you are promoted - lots of dead man shoes.
Feels like salary package is below market - tough office environment.. Terrible place to work. Poor IT equipments is a con. no progression
negative environment
no social activities. No job security, company is divesting from the US.. lack of ambition, not too challenging. Less than 1% bonus. Benefits and salaries way below market rate.. Internal politics can be a little overwhelming.. Non-meritorious environment leads to alot of office politics and low productivity. Toxic place to work at.. Management having no knowledge of the core of the underlying business ( product knowledge ) ; Tier 2 bank versus the big international players ( second league bank ). Overall changes in the company, restructuring. Challenging times due virtual banks. Non existent career progression; Extremely bureaucratic, bogged down by German mentality and lust for process. Very petty and unprofessional environment.. It's not an offer base internship.. Pay is less than larger banks. Slow if any salary growth and career progression. bank is not performing very well. none that I can think of. Bonuses are lower than the market, not very meritocratic and highly political environment.. a bit conservative, slowly changing. Horrible managers, shouting, unfriendliness, white-male culture. None, great place to work. nothing so far, perfect job for interns. No challenging work, traditional bank.. Downsizing of investment bank in London. Poor Management, poor rose chances, not up to date in case of technology/ future banking services/ leadership practices.. – Projects are not challenging
– Lack of experience of the Leadership. No salary increased over the years. No consequence management and no clear direction on what not to do. only small bonuses are paid. Slow career progression relative to the work you are asked to do
Below average pay (even for a mid-market bank)
Varied experiences depending on your team - culture is too laid back - great for the senior staff who treat the place as a place to retire
HR too separated from senior management - one reason for high junior staff turnover
Poor management of junior staff (various divisions). Nothing to say here. No cons.. - Total lack of investment in technology (very poor IT infrastructure)
- Loss of (young) talent due to very static senior management with no progression for junior people
- Unwillingness of the staff in Germany to perform (due to job protection under German Labour law) = anti-IB culture
- Failure to acknowledge that past restructuring plans have failed. Very bureaucratic, slow to decide, weak on incentivizing staff. management advices are often not so good. Long hours, everything takes a little longer, very competetive. pay is horrible and culture is driven by fear. No development, poor systems, very little staff development.. not so much career opportunities. lower pay than industry average. Geo politics...tension between euro regions. Salary is way below market standard.
Not much opportunities in Asia
No annual increments.
Bonus amount is very low.
Promotions are very slow. no salary increases, poor management. Hard to make an impact. none that I can think of. Limited market potential in current environment. Local management consisted of friends and family. Career progress was not based on merit. Struggling, vision, reputation, pace, education. Management not involved
Little risk appetite
Poor career progression
Too much deadwood and red tape, hard to push for thing to get done
Turnover is ridiculously high. Little sense of job security. Not so bright future and merger risks ahead. Suffers from a management hierarchy with experience too heavily weighted towards management consulting, rather than a real knowledge of the underlying businesses; heavily politicized as a result with managers pursuing their own agendas and defending their own (generally weak) positions rather than putting team/ company success first.  This is ultimately a failure of leadership.  Strategy forming, communication and decision making is similarly weak - see the poorly timed and poorly executed merger with Dresdner (most of the architects of which are still senior executives), and the slow and largely inadequate response to the digitalization of the business.  Group think is also major, major issue.  This is a business with serious problems.. They wanted interns for 6 month.  I think this might have been a bit to long.. Low pay compared to other banks, big turnover of staff. The most dysfunctional company I've ever worked for, riddled with conflicts of interest, no independent control functions, a maddening reporting line, poor IT Security. cannot even set up an updated online directory or HR review system nevermind a functional IB... Salary well below average (incl. bonus). limited career progression, pay not in line with market. Not much proper training, only 2.5 weeks of official training for an 18 month graduate scheme. No rotations around the bank. Little career or salary progression. Compensation (increase and bonus); Heavy workload in some departments;. Poor management, ZERO opportunity for growth, technology resources are archaic!. - Pay is poor
- Don't expect a bonus unless you're in senior management. Terrible work environment, full of misogynistic managers who do not value their staff. No development or growth opportunities, no initial staff training or welcome .  Low morale, no investment or time put into staff members. Salary is average.. Connection between management and employees (in London) does not exist. And managers in London belong to the old generation of people stuck on their position.. Overall business status matters more than employees' compensational needs.. Limited / no pay rises, too many people coasting, not much internal promotion, use of too many costly consultants, erratic bonuses,. Certain IT systems are showing their age, application support needs improving. Centralised Frankfurt decision making can make it slower to get things done in other global locations.. Bit dull and not very exciting projects. Structure is unstable. Downsizing Globally. company down sizing, morale down. Morale can be a bit low, lacking direction from the top. Lack of investment in technology to remain competitive. Over-stretched staff.. Limited mobility, partially hierarchical structures. abscence of fancy products, no experienced seniors, hardly find someone doing ther jobs. No nearby food shops in their working location. no leadership
no clear goals
no business model visible
no support. system is not good, many extra procedures need to be done manually. I do not really can think of any, just if there is a crisis you might lose your  job. slim chance to work on cutting edge technologies. the culture is a little exclusive. pay is bad
career progression is non existent
old team and almost never any good shake up. old school, almost no guidelines, very old IT systems, poor benefits (very small amount for cafeteria, but high amount for meal vouchers). inefficient management structure and insufficient internal promotion. Compensation packages are quite low compared to other competitors.. -slow internal promotion
-industry position in general. Lack of communication from top management to rank and file staff. No progression, not much salary increase, the company was in trouble back then. Limited career progression, poor management and office politics between senior management.. Bad salary. All other buildings except LTF are in bad condition.. Very bad for permanents. No Salary increase, if you stay a long time you will fall far behind market rates.. Since last few years they have been moving more and more desks to Frankfurt and reduced staff. With Brexit now happening this could further reduce their operations.. Salaries and packages aren't as competitive as other places. Bonuses were consistently less than expected. There was a great deal of beaurocratic processes that took up to much time.. Management have no idea what they are doing or where the company is going. This has been true since the financial crisis and hence the share price.. Things get moving very slowly, not a good place for a fresh graduate. The exit opportunities are not promising.. - is going to cut jobs. Not keen on paying the going rate for the job. Commerzbank have lost major employment disputes that have reached the courts. Compensation is low
Very Germanic culture. The bank does not have an important risk appetite. Salary, as well as work life balance, is terrible. The managers don't care about that and are ok to have all the best people to resign for better payed positions rather than paying us more.. Limited advancement at the moment. Since I worked in a branch office, we were often given directives from the head office that were difficult to implement. Since our technological, personnel and budgetary resources were limited, it was hard to keep up with management requirements and objectives. Salary increases and bonuses were limited.. Some individuals observed that deal flow was not as good as it could be. At certain points, the number of working hours in the week was somewhat challenging.. - slow in every possible aspect
- extremely high turnover rate front to back
- no career path, extremely difficult to grow
- poor compensation 
- management is old styled, focused on themselves and lacking visions. Just like any large company, the admin stuff was huge.. HR department is dysfunctional (to put it mildly). I worked here for 6 years and in that 6 years the only interaction I had with HR was when I was initially interviewed and then when doing my exit interview. Literally no input from HR in terms of educational courses that employees could or should do. The appraisal system is a joke and only exists to justify the existence of HR. No one takes any notice of it and it does not effect year end compensation. 

A further issue is generally poor management. It took the new CEO only 2 months to realize that he had to fire 10,000 people. What  was his predecessor doing for the previous 5 years? Even with the new 4.0 strategy (by the way, wtf is 4.0 supposed to mean??!) the implementation is taking forever. In general you find that middle and senior management are all German, male, middle aged and white. There is a HUGE problem with group-think in this bank. Have a look at the code of conduct and you'll see what I mean.

Another drawback is the workers council in Frankfurt. This bank is run by the workers council. What this means in practice is that every time people have to be fired, they look at non German locations (and non German staff) first. That means if you work in London you run a higher risk of being fired. The corollary of this is that there is a huge amount of deadwood in Frankfurt and other locations. Basically, because it's nigh on impossible to fire staff in Germany it has created a culture of asymmetric behaviour by German staff.  They do little or nothing because i) they won't get paid if they do something and ii) they won't get fired if they do nothing. Bottom line, the workers council has created a civil service mentality.

Compensation. Year end compensation (bonus) is based on discretion by managers and not upon measurable performance targets. So you could have had a great year in PnL terms, and you can still get shafted.. Hard to get a promotion. - Poor leadership of management flows down into excess work that then becomes redundant. no investment in people
not many opporunitites. unmotivated employees
litte reward for performance. Place is shrinking fast.  Closed most of the London office same thing is happening in NY. Closing down most businesses globally.  No future on the investment bank side at this bank.. Can be quite hectic and long hours needed. Almost everything else. Management is clueless and turns over quite a bit. The U.S. presence is diminishing quite a bit and morale is very low.. no work from home, had to work shifts. not very diverse team, too focused on Germany. Once you join you can forget about ever getting a pay rise.
Lack of direction as to where business is going.
Very conservative.. Scaling down brokerage operations; in downsize mode. downsizing due to lack of direction. low sallary and no bonus. location at train station not so nice. The bank still suffers from the crisis but is on a good way of recovery.. Jobs moving to head quaters. Strategy is changing. This is liable to make the company more German centric and less international.
Revenues are not strong at the moment, so remuneration is likely to be challenged.. Less dynamic and ergonomics not so good. Down sizing due to Out sourcing. slow internal processes but otherwise there are no cons at the moment. working in an overseas branch makes it harder to follow up with issues. stringent credit policies which impedes competitive ability to pitch for new business and create innovative financial solutions for clients. I can't think of anything bad of Commerzbank. But there's not much space for going up, may not be a long term job for people with ambitious minds.. It needs to be more efficient in the IT. Low moral in the IBD. The bank needs a serious overhaul, a few bandages won't do the job. Moreover, the IT systems are a constant drag to the business.. Not experienced local management
Traditional Open space. - Glass ceiling if you are not German (or don't speak it)
- If you are not German, you feel like a second class employee
- Below market salaries and bonuses
- Unmotivated workforce
- General trend of moving business back to Germany or outsourcing
- Dealing with head office is like trying to deal with government bureaucrats
- Dedication, loyalty and hard work not appreciated or rewarded
- Many senior & mid-level managers stagnated for many many years, stalling progression for many
- No pipeline talent and senior managers unfazed with the inability to retain talented juniors who keep leaving for competitors. no real upward possibilities, salary. Exiting some business resulting in loss of FTE.. Very poor for career progression. Repetitive job: an equity analyst is supposed to update his valuation models after news have popped up and quarterly and full year results came public. Very interesting at the beginning, Equity Research became quickly a repetitive job. Furthermore, no you have to no skin in the game and this can be highly frustrating.. Moving jobs out of London. Its a big bank, so everything takes a lot of time and bureaucracy 
Tehcnology is not cutting edge but older and tested with time. No cons observed at the moment. Some of the IT systems are a little dated and need of upgrade. Morale is low - Bank isn't growing and no place to advance; management keeps turning over and strategy changing; NY is basically run from Germany and they are just trying to keep costs low and cut people. Tons of red tape to get anything done and all proposals need to get escalated to head office or senior management, not a lot of promotion opportunities for those that are not German or English. Declining bank, 
Jobs moving to Frankfurt, 
Investment bank being cut also moving to Germany, 
Jobs being outsourced
Some managers are jobsworths,
Bonuses are not fully paid,
Pay rises are non existent in the last 5 years.
Good staff have left over the last 3 years.
German staff tend to be highly bureaucratic and due to strong union in Germany they are like the furniture.
Not much room for progression due to shrinking size. Pay, bonus not very encouraging. More internal and operational training.. low motivation in the office. No self-improvement. To many guidelines and tedious procedure that reduce the work efficiency.. Lack of ambition for some of the more exotic forms of IB. terrible pay and not a strong management. Unfortunately there is limited progressional opportunities. The bank is very reluctant to promote employees that have over-achieved and excelled in their roles.. The company is quite small in Asia hence, you will not have huge connections or huge events.. Investment banking is not as stable.. - no free coffee
- Reference letter is written in German (I could also not believe it in the first moment...). Less bonus return and not many product to sale. because of its small scale, the system is not efficient and some internal regulation is not well developed. Steady, non-dynamic environment not good for ambitions and proactive individuals ! 
Investment bank divisions  (London and Frankfurt ) are declining in strategic importance to the bank, and morale is declining accordingly. 
Salaries not competitive for the sector... base pay is definitely on the low end and bonus is terrible. Management admits this and will flat out tell you if you don't like it, feel free to go.
In terms of career advancement, there aren't any within.
Outdated trading platforms and weak IT infrastructure.. Weak benefit and salary, tough requirement. Frankfurt based bank with tendency to push work back over over. Business can be quite repetitive, and there isn't much deal flow going on. Hence, work can be regarded as boring.. Headoffice has no clue of what it means to be a global bank. Board of managing directors lack strategic skills and vision.. no fast track for getting promoted like at IBs. Opportunities, no large Investment bank. No room for growth. Some managers choose not to promote the people reporting to them no matter how well and hard they work in order to complete projects..... No real possibilities for career progress
No possibility for home office. Higher management promised off site team building activity, which has never been mentioned afterwards, probably long forgotten..... Challenging business environment related to regulatory compliance wrist-slaps ($1.45bn). Salaries fair, bonuses poor to ok depending on performance.. - not international
- many sad and disappointed employees who do not really work "for" the company but just have it as a job. Very long hours, can be up to 15/16 per day. Interns often have to cover middle office positions with repetitive tasks.. - Too much focus on reporting
- Base pay trails market
- Not enough clear communication on future size of international operations
- Hours can be intense (weekends required periodically). Operation efficient not good, do things in inefficient way. - limited international career opportunities
- limited support to build career
- sometimes work overload for staff who were supposed to train interns. Although Commerzbank is quite conservative and salary adjustment is not that aggressive. high level of politics and bearucracy. Most projects need to be approved from Frankfurt- mostly long lead time. Rarely allow work from home. Promotions not very often, little to no increase in pay. Bonus not guaranteed and very minimal. Bonuses are minimal. Perception of a bank not willing to compete with other banks on staff retention or hiring.. Lots of people not doing much around the office,
lots of redundancies happening around the office as operations are moved to Frankfurt.. Received too little help during my internship. NearShoringCenter is ru(i)nned by kind of "careless family": HR, Management is not taking care of people as Internatioanl companies do. Management of BO and FO Depts tend to push their stuff constantly hence lots of people are moving out of company.

They also wont be on your side in case of issues and mostly care about their own comfort.

Little space for self-development: +90% of stuff remains at same positions.

Benefits are cut off in 2014 and ongoing. Sometimes work was repetitive and not satisfying for eight hours a day. The general corporate climate was great though!. too small, dependency to germany increasing. Small department, too much dependent on HQ in Frankfurt.. Hierarchy, slow paced, salary, compensation. Not much to add here. Products are limited in foreign branches.. you just have to do you own little piece of work and don't need to have any idea about things out of your responsibility.. Poor bonuses and below market salary. Not easy to get pass pre-selection
Extensive assessment centre
Lots of competition and other applicants
Maybe long distance to school. Poor communication between management and employees
No real strategy for the business. Very German bank. Not international like big banks. Limited in its approach to have a wider impact on global markets.. Mainly repetitive work, out-dated technology, heavily relying on excel sheets that have been programmed years ago by someone who has already left the company and no one is brave enough to touch the spaghetti VBA code, almost no product innovations, most of the work is concerned with maintaining the legacy business case.. Not marketable compensation, low bonuses and slow growth opportunities. Knowledgeable and experienced people are starting to leave or are letting go because of low compensations and cost reductions. * The environment in "political" driven. Not a real investment bank: London is structured to provide with services Frankfurt and the Mittelstand.. No posibilities for career growth (you must wait until your superior dies or retires). - Sometimes the tasks you have to do are a little ambiguous.
Can't think about anything else.. Rigid corporate culture, hard to get promoted. Bad perspectives to grow within the same office. Very slow or no promotion, expecially if you're not German. Excellence is not rewarded nor encouraged. IT systems from Stone Age makes working conditions frustrating. No bonus in most of the cases.
Restructuring and offshoring to Eastern Europe always under discussion.. about the only good thing. Difficult to progress career above a certain point without native German language
Senior management (especially in Germany) tend to stay at the bank long term, which combined with German employment law makes it very difficult to introduce / promote fresh thinkers into the upper circles 
When markets get difficult bank has a habit of retrenching back to Germany making it difficult to maintain healthy client relationships internationally
Poor communication on most matters from senior management. Activity was very slow during the internship. - overall condition of the banks business lowers motivation of employees
- too many seniors / less juniors. * Technology is outdated compared to competitors
* Current loyal employees are waiting to be lay off to get package or already looking for work
* No pay raises or promotion unless you are connected to upper management
* Their Information Technology support is a joke. Headed by people who don't listen. - no actual incentives to be proactive at your workplace
- be prepared to one very slow to non-existent career progression
- pay is lower than industry averages
- you don't have a say in work-life balance policy implementation, an employee is a commodity, management cares about their own agenda exclusively (obviously). 1. No pay raise.
2. Little to no vertical growth
3. No visibility from senior management.. No Flexibility or tolerance for working from home even in snow conditions where transportation was unavailable. Promotions or positions are usually filled with Expats from Germany limiting growth of existing employees. Old School German management style.  Nothing gets done fast,  management must talk about and investigate any suggestion before making any changes. I found it hard , lots of red tape , and the management was inconsistent.. - layers of Brit in top management (who particularly have no / little interest in development of local talented employees) entertwined with layers of Germany top/ mid management in very small branch
- very immature leadership and rigid management style completely lack of conviction, vision and qualification esp in building and running US business in current US regulatory environment 
- little/ no respect and trust for local employees with jokes about hair styles, dressing code, occasionally work flexibility need due to inclement weather 
- only support the career development those with Brit/ German connectivity at the expense of US employees. Those who are good left for much more respectful firms
- little comp adv for sure. poor career opportunities, low salary, inefficient structure, little incentives to perfom. In a nutshell it feels a very sad place, long gone is the former prestige.
Endless re organising, questionable management, feels a bit of a job-worthy culture,  many contractors often negating permanent staff input, obscure appraisal process, poorly trained line managers, distant uncommunicative HR, pointless or badly explaned processes, no real help for personal development or proactive care for staff well being, canteen going a bit downhill,  facilities poorly maintained and sometimes out of order, mouldy showers, building getting generally tatty.. Sometimes the trainee were treated like an intern which we are not, reason being the employees are not well educated about the program.. Not in a good financial position, managers are very pushy and they don't have a structured learning process for interns. absense of motivation, complex of inferiority,. Ultimately doomed by the inability to restructure in Germany, due to an excessively strong worker's council, employees in other regions are sacrificed instead to meet the need for cuts. I would not advise anyone to consider working here unless you are sure you have a guarantee in writing of duration of contract.. A rather German workplace when in comes to business efforts etc
Very hierarchical 
Not a very innovative player
Slow decision maker
Glass ceiling for young professionals 
Amount of employees doesn't follow shrinking strategy. -  Unaggressive in core competencies/capabilities with clients.  Though there is a definite lack of product depth, being more pro-active with its core capabilities would greatly benefit the bank and its clients.. No Salary Increment
Bonus is very bad, not even up to one month
Career Advancement is very uncertain
Very Slow moving in building new process, technology. work location  not so good. bonuses could have been higher. 
very conservative attitude towards the employees caused by high hierarchy barriers. Commerzbank is not in a good financial situation, so all the promoting and payment rise has to be confirmed by the top management (so practically does not happen at all).. Cut costs and not even offer paper cups to visitors, low pay, no state of the art technology, no possibility of growth, zero telecommute tolerance even when governments declare emergency and a very hard CEO who cares only about his bonus by saving every penny instead of advancing and taking a positive approach to life.. There is no room to advance to other groups in order to learn new skills.... dated technology vs. competitors / may take years to be promoted in some areas. closed down and got taken over by Commerzbank. The bank lacks a convincing strategy and employees have lost faith in their management. this has taken its toll on the work culture that used to be very positive.. Company in Turnaround Phase - good workload but no Bonus/salary increases. low remuneration - top management level very mediocre in managing the future of the group. Management decision , no proper communication when it comes to projects. Slow career development. Slow growth rate in Europe.. - not truly global bank (not really present in LAtAm, etc). Poor salary and bonus, department badly hit by the crisis. DK should have been a powerhouse but was paralysed by risk-aversion in Dresdner Bank itself.
As a result, never have I seen so little performance extracted from so much talent.
At ground level it was riven with by a vicious war between quant and IT which paralysed progress on many levels.. less flexible moving cross department, limited graduate training program.. Friends culture, no meritocracy culture at all even if advertised otherwise. Salary frozen for nearly 4 years. Overwhelming paperwork and procedures, a few disrespectful colleagues and managers, lack of responsibility division.. Stressful, no management support, no direction. Post-merger:  continuous cost-cutting with continuous change of focus:  first investment banking focus buildout, then cross-selling of IB products.  Finally, just trying to stay afloat as a US $ center.. - as every other bank the business is not good now. Don't expect massive bonuses anymore
- medium sized, with the problems associated
- the typical problems of this size and type of organization. very demanding collegues, but an advantage at the same time. shocking IT systems though the IT heads are aware and are battling to improve things. Hierarchical structure, long decision making path. not so many things to do. even if you have things to do, these things are mostly nonsense.. Some management promoted based on ability to complete transactions rather than ability to manage employees. Overal compensation could be much better compared to the peer group.. poor management
no career progress
low motivation amongst employees. One of the downsides of working at Commerzbank was the fact that it did not have the same global network that other competitors have.. IT could have been more business aligned.. The salary could be better, the advancement opportunities could also have been more significant. But the overal experience is positive.. - sometimes rather slow decision making. enthusiasm and motivation is not appreciated
team spirit - what´s that?
low corporate culture, very old fashioned, not innovative 
a lot of frustrated employees
no career opportunities 
flat learning curve. New York Office is just a branch therefore it isn't as big as other investment banks-this is good and bad.. As I already said. I did not really do it for the money. So that means the money was just ok.. Not willing to change
Lots of politics at high level causes disruptions everywhere. - CEO is tired, slow in understanding and highly political
- Some partners give the impression of engagement on a tchacatchaca basis, but fail to deliver intellectual convincing ideas or results
- was a good place two years ago with some strategic projects, even internationally, now more body leasing, project office, IT related and workbench for the bank
- image in the bank has gone to the negative side. - HR support could be better (mentor changed often). The acquisition of Eurohypo and Dresdner combined with the economic downturn and the financial crisis have resulted in complicated challenges. CB is 25% owned by the German government.. too many jobs for one person, micromanagement, working with people that don't know what they're doing, pitiful bonuses and no raises in last couple of years, the limiting of telecommuting in recent months. lack potential for growth and low salary. working for Frankfurt limited my options in the NY office, esp. as the head of the NY office resented that I didn't answer to him. the merger with Commerzbank means you have to speak German. otherwise, it is very difficult for you to go up the ladder. Slow, Very Slow , Try to control from Frankfurt everything. Very bureacuratic
Totally inflexible
Back stabbing culture
Morale is very low
No room for career growth. Opportunities to promote to higher position are almost none. You can promote as far as considering seniority, but it's not always connected with higher salary.. Low pay compared to peers
Too conservative. not much of a key player in the industry. the bank as an organisation has limited ambitions
very inflexible, process driven environment
poor pay with respect to other banks. A bit mediocre - no real challenges. Merger has left old DKIB workers feeling like second class citizens. It doesn't fell like a really high flying company.. Generally morale seems to be low compared to others. Low paying, no promotion prospects. Pathetic management. Bad leadership. No transparency. They have not done performance evaluations for employees in the last three years and they pay below average salaries. They will not survive if not for the support they receive from the German Government.. Lack of (investment banking) brand and culture, very German focused at senior levels generally (there are exceptions of course) which is frustrating, lack of broad ECM, research etc. platform outside Germany, quality of juniors generally poor to average, remuneration well below average (no "bonus culture"), very strict expenses policy (nothing wrong with being stringent but they really do err on the side of ridiculously tight). Internship did not lead to anything.. - Incompetent senior management
- Lack of communication from management
- Slow response to crisis
- Useless HR. Lack of clear vision from senior management. Lack of communication by senior management. Extremely more red tape than at a large bulge bracket firm.. Generally a large degree of ill feeling amongst former Dresdner Kleinwort employees, and to a lesser degree amongst general employees, regarding the mismanagement of, and bad faith shown during, the merger.
Difficulty retaining and hiring the best talent in this atmosphere.
Far too much bureaucracy.. Deeply, deeply bureacratic, hierarchical and institutionally set up so that employees are not incentivised to stick their necks out for the sake of good business opportunities.  There is little or no point in non-German business areas and the prevailing culture is one where juniors are conditioned to assume that their superiors will take a negative view of new ideas, hence themselves also take a negative view.   This is not a place to further your career. -management doesn't know what they are doing
- mandates are constantly changing so your projects lack focus
- merger complications. The Board are a reasonably competent bunch of guys, but the interim levels of management are of dramatically varying quality.  There is little entrepreneurial flair and little interest in institution building.. Many unprofessional people around, poor communication within and between teams; extended integration that's been a complete business failure to date with undfined processes and lack of coordination between departments; daunting atmosphere in investment banking branch as many business are being terminated or not supported as too risky or not-in-the-focus.. > below-market compensation
> very political
> Absolutely no respect for employees. Senior management treats the entire division as if it's being done a favor for working for the bank. Important strategic decisions are communicated poorly or not at all
> too flat; unable to attract talent from other banks
> business model is focused on the German market; very little prospect of growth otherwise
> No-can-do mentality, very beaurocratic, with few shining exceptions
> below-par support functions (IT etc.) *ensure* daily obstacles to doing business
> Recruitement policy (getting people fresh out-of-college and developing them) means there is practically no inflow of experienced people and the business remains "esoteric".
> As many departments are under- or not developed (eg brokerage), it is difficult to compete against banks that offer services across the entire IB spectrum. - Work is sometimes not challenging enough
- Payment is ok, but compared to banking sector not great. The Commerzbank is a gerontocratically run institution...gray hair is the key to success here. Generally, there is a highly bureaucratic feel to the place, and there is little scope for autonomous thought. Also, it is a very conservative environment, though I guess no more than you might expect from a German bank. Oh, and salaries are determined according to a general schedule (like the one used for bureaucrats and army personnel in the US).. Amount of work, level of accuracy. Salary and lack of workload. Unflexible. Traditional. Sense of Status.. A lot of pressure to improve. A veces hay que enchufar. unpaid extrawork, and not clear carrer path.. Poor work life balance. Salaries are low in relation with working hours and pressure. Too bureaucratic. No projection.. It seems that the most important for the company is that you sell daily a mobile phones, TVs, alarms,.... If you are a man your chance of promotion is limited.. Too much hierarchy, there are a lot of middle managers. It was a great experience to work in this bank.. Too hierarchical. Labour conditions are constantly worsening. Positions are not too challenging.. Start very early and have lunch very late. Ultra-conservative mindset; collapsing business; the Titanic; reactionary against LGBT people, or non-white, non-christian people. Institucionalized male chauvinism, action taken against expectant mothers. Internal promotion is impossible.. Slow career development, no clear career plan. Low salary increase during your career.. Traditional bank, there are a lot of barriers that are stoppers for innovation. Values, managers, salary, rotation, unbelievable targets.. -Low salary
-Lack of training
-A lot of commercial pressure from the managers
-Depending on the branch you are destined to, you will be dealing with clients with bad manners. not a disruptive bank, tradional values, with overpressure in sales. Overall the company is too hierarchical and traditional. Slow salary growth and not linked to productivity. Not flexible schedule. 
No possibility to learn.. Corporate culture, hypertraditional culture, lack of women empowerment, lack of diversity, lack of development, no promotions, lack of new opportunities, lack of transparency, lack of flexibility, low salary increases. Limited espace to work and not too international company.. Corporative culture, low progression and salaries. A lot pression to get good profits
Move you an another city
Works extra time and no pay you. Lack of career opportunities, risk averse culture, high bureacracy, does not look after high potential individuals, rigid organisation with a serious cultural problem. Ultraconservative, old fashioned and extremely hierarchical. Difficulties to professionally grow or challenge established procedures. The only thing is a little bit frustrating is the lack of general experience in concepts like Data Science or Big Data or Business Intelligence not only on the company  itself but also Spanish culture , so if you wanna work in Spain about Big Data or similar you must be very formed and possess practical and academic skills.. Bank legacy.
Comercial pressure in the branches.. Poor presence abroad, poor geographical risk diversification. Hierarchy,  two many bosses, not agile, waterfall project management. Time lapse between interviews too long. "Classical" mindset. Results and success has brought a sense of "the way we do things here is the best (therefore don't try to bring in new ways of thinking, doing, methodologies...). In the long run they end up being adopted (some) but when other industries or major players are already proficient with them.. Very low wages, you can earn more working as a dependent. Low personal and profesional developement. You spend 4 years in a degree to finish selling TV and coffe machines among others. Your schedule is said to be 8-15h but you'll be extremely pressed to do from 7.40 to 17h, as a minimum. Expect to be extremely pressed both for clients and managers. Evaluated among workmates about sales.. Too much time working and not posibility of work in home. Lack of career in some areas. Old fashioned work ethic. No possible work in remote. No flexible hours. Quite local, closed and not international environment. For those who want to work in international environments, I would recommend other companies.. Pretty closed network, without much contact with the outside world. But it depends on where you work too.. The long extra hours after work...
Travel. No personal growth: training programs have been cut. Lack of leadership: managers' turnover creates insecurity and lack of stable guides/directions. No long term strategy.. Challenges with conflicts from other departments. Relatively small means limited upward mobility. Very busy day to day work.. It's hard to move horizontally across into another role. Small company with limited personal growth. Smaller organization with limited resources. Promotion schedule is vague
Communication between the ranks is lacking. None really, it was a great place to work.. Still a little bit unorganized and communication between departments and some of the systems they use a bit archaic.. Culture isnt the best and could be better. Most of the staff is new with only a handful of legacy employees so none of the original Systems & Procedures are known and being followed. I was forced to figure a lot out on my own as there were very few experts to go to. Available positions are not being filled in a timely fashion and remain open for long periods of time. Employees do not feel they have resources to discuss their issues as the HR department is lacking in the 'human' aspect of assisting employees. There is very little interaction between departments. If you are lucky, you may work under a manager that supports your progress and development but for the most part the managers are apathetic and self serving. Most folks at Leumi are just here to get a paycheck and for the most part salaries are way under the average pay scale and there are very few career / growth opportunities.. slow to increase salaries to match performance or upside. I'm sure its even better in person. offering solid expertise of software development life cycle (SDLC) from gathering requirements, design, development (configuration and integration), testing, training, implementation, and production support for multiple companies in agile and waterfall methodologies.. Won't learn much, little opportunity. At times disorganized, some cultural barriers since foreign bank. pretty hard ot get a raise. Low morale amongst staff, very limited new business opportunity as very niche target market. On the lower end amongst its competitors. High staff turnover.. While, technology has been rough, the IT team is working on upgrading it all to make working from home easier, faster and more efficient. Just rolled out Teams which is a great improvement.. Although our tech is good, there is an opportunity to be better!. Old people with old mindset, lazy without any ambition!. Rude HR, no option for promotion, low salaries.. There should be more opportunities to get into other roles within the organization. And also it should be encouraged more as well.. Office is currently rebuilding. as such nothing particular  cons. Since my position is new to the bank, the onboarding was somewhat bumpy.  It is a work in progress in getting all of the tools/IT resources that are needed.. system are still outdated slowing progressing in the right direction
Bank is still unknown in the marketplace but all of marketing is being spent in the area.. I looked for a new challenge and they could have use my skills on other departments.. There are no negatives I can report at this point. No negatives that I have experienced to date. So far I have not noticed anything negative.. there were structural changes in the bank, however, it was all done with inclusion of the employees in every step of the way,. Sometime working in a smaller ship has is challenges.  But this is definitely a situation with a weakness is also a great advantage.. Its often feels like a  close /connected club.  Not much diversity at the top.  Understandably its a subsidiary of the parent company based in Israel but it can be hard to fit if you are not connected on in those inner circles. Communication is also an issue. CEO seems clear with his vision but may fall short when it gets to managers to maintain his energy and view.   Also a lot of bells and whistle in terms of the systems yet some of the fundamental infrastructure is disjointed.. The recruiting and interviewing process is a bit drawn-out, however, this added time should result in a better "fit" for both the Bank and its new employees, once the hiring process has been completed.. The most toxic workplace ever. The managers gossip about their team to one another all the time and think no one knows. The people that kiss up get promoted quickly but everyone is fake to one another in a blatant way. Not the most technologically savvy company. Runs a lot like a startup even though it's a bank which can be frustrating if you're coming from a big company or another big bank like JPMC. Predominantly a cubicle work environment.  Difficult adjustment if you are coming from an office work environment.. Because the company is small and a flat organization after a few years there is limited growth so you may have to leave the company to get he next big thing.  Especially if you want to manage.. In any transformation, the journey may could be a challenge for some and an excitement for others. BEWARE of the service department as it is a very unstable department and can be a very stressful place to work.

-There’s no organized training. Your training is basically you interrupting other people who are busy doing their work and having them teach you, making it very frustrating. It’s hard to tell if progress is being made with your training, and management will not provide you with that feedback. It can be hard to identify at times whether you are working normally or still supposed to train. There is also no structured timeline or manual when it comes to training. In addition, your team leader will barely be on top of you, hand you over tasks without explaining how to do them, assume you know things, and then get extremely stressed with you when you make a mistake. Don’t expect the team leader to answer your emails,  make time to guide you through processes, or have any patience to deal with your inexperience as a new hire. Only to be there when you screw up. 

You will not be onboarded with all the required tech platforms/tools on your arrival. Throughout your first month or two, expect to spend half of every day  on the phone with IT, harassing them to give you access to all the tools you need to do your job!Simple requests can take weeks and weeks. Your team leader will tell you to the get things done, and you won’t even be able to  since you wont have access to the necessary tools. And this will be “your fault”, of course, for not “harassing IT enough”. 

-Systems and processes are old, inefficient, and brake down all the time.

-NO LUNCH BREAK, expect to work from 9-6 every day straight and eat lunch at your desk. If you are going to buy food outside, you are expected to very quickly bring it back to your desk. Mentally and physically this can really affect you negatively. 

-Turnover is INSANE, as the team experiences frequent new hires followed by a bloodbath of firings. Management constantly fails with new hires and does not take ownership.

-The position can be very unrewarding at times as you will have to constantly figure out and clean up mistakes made by RM, clients, and other departments.. - Systems are a bit challenging to work with sometimes, but Senior Management is working towards replacing the systems.. No cons at the moment. But I will say there are, at times, I feel, a disconnect from  management and/or coworkers from other departments/building. Nothing personal. Perhaps it’s just getting to know people more and over time.. disconnect between internal partners, no shared vision. There's a steep learning curve when it comes to all the acronyms and systems.. Abusive managers operate unchecked. (not mine but I had first hand views of some pretty poor treatment of subordinates)  If you want to be happy here, you'll need to be able to weather those folks. Lots of change can be difficult to navigate, in  particular because of a growing lack of long term employees.. Sometimes it feels like there is disconnection between the department.. The company is heading toward digital transformation change, growing technology team.. This place has turned into a complete joke... new management comes in and gets rid of people who have been there for 20 plus years who could run the bank blindfolded- new people come in know nothing want to create new rules and system changes. If you don’t kiss up and basically yes everyone you won’t even be acknowledged and may be canned.  HR does not take any ones feelings in consideration not agreeing with management bye bye. Not sure full-time jobs compensation is as competitive as they say. Those of us that have been here for more than 10 years  feel like we no longer belong, are not valued and have quickly become the minority.

Morale is at an all time low.

Even the infusion of new investors, money and an  outdoor terrace will not be able to save this dying establishment.. Not very known in the marketplace. Training and internal communication can use some improvement. Paper files versus electronic files. A LOT OF micromanaging from managers who don't have the slightest clue on what you do in your day-to-day activities. You can't go to your boss for help because they won't know how assist you! Huge turnover because unequal opportunity and resistance to recognizing diligent workers over brown-nosers that have not really accomplished anything. People are rude and disrespectful. Leaders at the top play games, are not transparent, and insult junior employees. Bank just gives people fancy titles, but lacks an environment of coaching and developing talent for the long term. A lot of talk happens behind closed doors further demonstrating the double face of some of the leaders at the top. A lot of employee turnover mainly because of how the bank treats its employees. Just not the right place to be. I'd give this place negative ratings if I were able to. The WORST WORST WORST WORST WORST MISTAKE OF YOUR LIFE & CAREER.. Small size may limit opportunities for some. The challenges are in line with a company that is in significant growth mode.  New products are being introduced, the staff is growing and changing, and processes are being re-engineered.  But personally, I look at these things more as an opportunity to learn and continue to grow and expand my expertise.  Bank Leumi is one of the few places I am aware of that can continue to provide that type of experience to anyone in the banking industry, let alone someone who has been a part of it for 15+ years.. So far there no negative feedback I'd share.. Given the size it doesn't have many support "luxuries" that larger organizations can offer.. I can't think of any cons.. No cons with the firm so far. no work/life balance.  Too demanding. Shady management- very unprofessional with little care to the employees. 

People are scared to express themselves. 
Very high stress because of incompetent proceedures and unhelpful management.

No training, yet mistakes are punished 

Unreasonable work/ life balance- get ready to work until 10-11pm every night 

The service officer is basically the janitor- Your role is to clean up other peoples mistakes. Paperwork filled incorrectly by an RM? Your job to nag him to fix It while he's getting mad at you for doing so. Any unclear process or procedure becomes the service officer job to clean up. 

Not a rewarding position, High employee turnover - Service officers are treated with little respect, and without the proper resources to ensure the client FINANCIAL transactions are done right. Small mistakes are crucial to a client banking activity...high responsibility without any training.. The procedures here a bit paper intensive, we need to move to a more electronic flow on our documents.. career growth path is not very clear, there opportunities for mobility, yet not clear if there is  room for growth within the same function. I was hired to assist with recruiting, and one of the jobs I was tasked with was an Executive Admin position for a top level manager. I was specifically told that they were not going to hire a male and to ignore those applicants. In addition, the hiring manager only wanted young women with no more than 7 years of work experience. I thought this was disgusting and blatantly ageist. I was also told to ignore all candidates who were not currently working "my manager doesn't like people who are out of work" was the direct quote. This eliminated a candidate who'd recently recovered from a car accident and another who simply took a year to travel. Lastly, I was expected to produce 200 passive candidates per day.  I left within a month because of what felt like a hostile environment.. It may be difficult to differentiate between potential employees with so many interviewers; each person had different interviewers to impress.. Only Cons would be due to size of firm there are not as many employment opportunities.. -Smaller institution with a path to grow technologically.. Sometime there are challenges because of not enough staff in departments.. Can't think of many cons...because contributions that are beyond your normal day job are welcome, it's easy to get very busy, but management is always willing support and help you through whatever challenges you may run into.. In all my years as a banker in different organizations, I have never worked in an office environment that was as toxic as Leumi.  It seems management does not know what path they want  to take the bank.  The turnover is outrageous and they vacillate between a blood bath of firings and a deluge of new hirings.  They are now  in the process of getting rid of  the loyal, knowledgeable and dependable baby boomers to  replace them with mediocre millenniums who do not have the experience, are apathetic and are ready to jump ship without a second thought.
 
Management often act as  figureheads with no backbone and hide behind the decisions made by others they delegate.  They do   not take ownership of their mistakes and poor decisions.

There is no organized training program for new hires and employees are left to figure things out on the fly.
 
The Human Resources department lacks professionalism, and  are unapproachable  and inefficient.. Areas of uncertainty in operations.... It needs more formalized training on company systems. There is an incredible amount of disorganization and micro-management.  There is no training for how the work should be completed.. Quiet office environment - I wish there was more interaction at times, but it's great that everyone is so focused. Platform is sub-par and reporting is terrible. The only competitive advantage is affiliation to Israel and Judaism. Zero training. No defined career path.. Too much lost time in meetings.  Data integrity issues.  Ambiguous, exaggerated titles that do not answer the question "what do you do", constant need to patch issues vs. finding permanent solutions, little to no training,  ridiculous amount of systems used to patch issues,  tremendous turnover on every level, and finally a broken corporate culture. The turnover has had a huge effect on culture and with the continued rate of terminations,  the culture is dismal and that is restricting future growth.. This is a bank. There far too much oversight and compliance activities.. One of the senior executives asked employees to write a good review since there were bad reviews dragging the rating down.
Systems are antiquated.
Lots of turnover. More than I had ever seen anywhere. They were in the process of getting rid of long tenured employees. I think by the time I left there was only a few people left who had been there >5 years.
The bank has some very shady customers who management keeps making excuses for.
I noticed several unethical things take place out in the open and management did not seem to care.
Management can't seem to settle on a direction to take the bank.. I have been employed at Leumi for a little over 7 years so I fall  somewhere between the new crop and the legacy employees.  While the bank has implemented some positive changes, in the process this has destroyed the essence and heart and soul of the bank.  Many employees walk around in a state of uncertainty, feeling insecure and waiting for the other 'shoe to drop'.   Management picks and chooses what rules to bend and act unethically by asking employees to submit positive reviews on this site.  The rate of turnover both voluntary and involuntary is way to high and has caused the morale to be at an all time low.. Bad dated IT systems, no learning / training programs. Doesn't have the supporting infrastructure of a large bank. 
Could use more structure and discipline in some areas.. As someone who only joined a few weeks ago I have not encountered any Cons. No respect for long term employees. - Little variety outside of the main client segment. Some colleagues do not want to do anything outside of their job title, which can make things harder on others since we are a small bank and need to be flexible

Lack of communication and training, when new products are released it's like the Wild West trying to understand proper procedures. I have been working for four months and I feel very happy working here.. Overall a great place to work.. That being said, there is a significant amount of complacency lingering from past managements. There are departments that are completely disorganized with a severe deficiency of procedure and lack of clarity in the division of responsibilities and managerial oversight. New hires do not get trained sufficiently and knowledge is very siloed, which complicates the already acute turnover problem. Employees who do well or go above and beyond will be taken advantage of. Additionally, there are elements within HR that are unprofessional and borderline manipulative, making the on-boarding process highly unpleasant.. Systems are a big tedious; however, mitigated by the fact that the Bank is taking huge efforts to streamline everything and willing to make huge investments in technology and systems to better serve their employees and to their customers.. under staffed, employees are stressed. Data mess. a lot need to be done, Work/Life Balance. I have yet to find any 'cons' about working here. They treat their employees and their clients like a company should.. There will be no training you are told that you will be provided with the tools to succeed but in reality you are just thrown in there to figure it all out.  The job roles are not specific. Company has no loyalty to its employees.. nothing at  all I think. The bank is in the middle of quite a large transition, which was much needed, but there are still residual growing pains which I expect to continue for some time.  I would not recommend someone to work here if they are looking for a perfectly well-oiled machine.  However, if they are looking for a challenging environment with the feeling of a start-up where the organization as a whole is working toward creating a stronger, more efficient and profitable bank, then this is the place for you.  

This is a small bank, so the opportunity to move around to different roles within the bank is fewer than working at a large, 50,000 person company.  It doesn't mean that it can't be done, but it's not as typical as you might see elsewhere.. Management change frequently and some team change too. Bank is still evolving, but it means you can kind of "find your own way", which I enjoyed.. none that I can think of. No cons, great place all around. Some area is lacking of process.. Outdated tech, could use an upgrade in terms of software and equipment
Slower pace than one may be used to.. Slightly unstructured, workload  is extremely volatile-- one day may be non-stop and then won't get an assignment for 3 days. where should I start. So many cons i wont have time or room.. None so far, exciting place to be. They don't pay, benefits are getting worse every year, and it's hard to get promoted. Pay is low, not a great place to work if you are in the middle of your career because it is not a terribly dynamic environment. No training, mentoring,  growth. The Bank should work toward using technology more. It seems most processes are done manually when they could be done on the computer.. There are no cons, I was blessed for having the opportunity to spend my 38 years here and have the chance to meet all the wonderful people around here.. -can't think of any cons. A bit slow in decision making at times. Bank Leumi does not have the marketing machinery of some of the larger competitor banks and so it can be challenging to introduce the bank to American customers that do not have any exposure to our parent in Israel.. No stock options, but if you work effectively and exceed goals, you will be rewarded.. As expected in a smaller bank, it lacks some of the resources/support staff of large banks.. There was a lot of hype being thrown about by management but the bottom line is many employees were treated  unfairly and in an unbalanced fashion. Your work ethic only matters if you are one of the chosen "special group " of employees and you then are rewarded handsomely  for your mediocre work.  HR was a joke and there was no support or guidance from management.  Very little chance for mobility.  Talent is unrecognized and you can be stuck in a dead end position without any opportunities to move ahead.  Their attitude was they are doing you a huge favor by employing  you  and salaries (unless you are upper management) were not in line with the market.. the salary is extremely low, the people are not helpful and hostile, you fell like nobody cares about you at all.. I had reported problems to my supervisor & manager by email on different occasions & nothing was done. Therefore I follow their code of ethics & make a report to HR. Since them I have been targeted of wrong-doing.  What is the purpose of each year taking courses to follow Finra & SEC to enforce securities laws it we don't follow & applied.. None that I can think of --enjoyed my tenure. Lending group struggles with weak leadership and not much of a local plan.  Many good people have departed in the last five years in NYC.  Hard to know if want to wind down local lending or keep it.  People often leave less than year of being hired.. In the midst of a transformation and not everyone is on board. Nothing negative to say about it.. So much to do, so little time!. Due to purchasing a system to interface all the Departments, they felt they had no reason to have a full staff.  I feel customers still want to interact with a human rather than a computer handing their  transactions.. I had an overall great time last summer. Although, some times you might not be given work for a little bit of time, which sounds good, but at the end of the day you want to feel accomplished. At the same time though, you do get some down time.. Top management. Culture is disgusting. Pay is average.  If pay was better than average, maybe most people could then stomach the culture, but it isn't.. Dont have so much to say here... great company. I have only good things to say about my internship.. When bringing new associates on board there is a lack of true training.  With many regions being supported by 2-3 distinct groups in NYC I feel that there needs to be a better understanding of what the expectations are and what needs to be done by the regions in order to better service them as a whole.. So much to do, so little time. - Lack of order / discipline
- Actions do not align with vision
- Shockingly poor tech infrastructure
- Pay below market average. We are working towards providing more  automated services for our customers. antiquated technology, complacent staff, pitiful bonuses. The salary is not good if you don't have a degree.. They could provide more "classes or educational incentives" for employees.. The upgrades have been long overdue and happening all at once.  This is creating frustration and higher employee turnover.. Legacy culture is having a difficult time adapting to the new strategy. This level of holistic transformation takes time, patience and tenacity from all levels within the organization.. No training, compensation is substandard, no technology.. still going through transformation
heavy workload as many initiative being implemented. A lot of changes happening at the same time. This can be positive but also overwhelming. Keeping a balance is very important now.. This bank is trying to find its direction after being stuck from too many years of bad decision making and misfiring on its goals.  Dictated by overseas parent group as this unit can't prove capable of standing on its own.  No accountability from mgmt - many are parent group envoys with limited liability.   Aging tech, ops, infrastructure, complacency and other drag are holding this place back from playing today's business game and competing against better players. Employee turnover: the smarter ones know how to figure out a game plan to exit.. Where to start? Horrible management, useless HR, unpaid hours ("salary"). You were paid for 40 hours but worked 60. Bosses abuse anybody and everybody below them, and work ethic is subpar. Talk about corporate huh? It can only get worse as payraises for anybody that is not management is 1% per year, regardless of your performance.. Lack of professionalism from senior management on down.
Meetings are usually very unproductive because everyone is yelling over everyone else and nothing gets done.
Many managers and vice presidents are simply incompetent in what they do, especially Lending and the Risk department (Credit Risk and Operational Risk)
Antiquated systems. Whole IT infrastructre needs to be upgraded.. Israli hierarchy. EVry few years cadets are sent from Israel to oversee American  employees. Salaries are not highest in world.. Low salary
No roadmap for employees. Very hard, but interesting, a lot of clients. Bad re orgenizations and politics. Too many clients and complains. Poor managerial skills (Mid management), very high workload, rapid organizational cahnges.. heads of desk seem to have a inferiority complex and will bully we younger staff while undertaking little work of their own. Worst thing is they take credit for all the hard work we do on underwriting while being the main point of conduct! hard to believe senior management dont understand how heads of desk are so incompetent and continuelly take all the praise for their subordinates acheivements.. Low salary compared to market benchmark. Routine
Not challenging
No chance to progress. Hierarchical organization, low real impact opportunities. job is a bit boring. the relations between the management and the vaad. big organisation
old fashioned
hard to get promoted. Need to improve the attitude. no high tech props unfortunately. Responding to more than one customer at a time. intensive work without personal life. Old tech in the job. very old fashion and can not see the progression in the future. Lower salaries comparing to high-tech companies, less opportunities to advance to higher positions. Too many tasks due to limited manpower. Excessive bureaucracy, occupational uncertainty due to the tenure model, lack of delegation of authority to employees. didnt pay enough but its a good place. Low pay, can kick you out after 5 hears even if you're an exceptional employee. slow moving, going through cut down plan. Big organization, very hard to move forward.. Salary and management, including opportunities to grow. Culture a bit 'old', can-do, proactiveness required, less talking & more doing. Can't say anything bad on the bank. as every large organization - many politics involved. Talent is missing more skiils. A place that knows how to develop its employees. Terribble people to work with. Can't really make a difference since it is a huge corporate. I coudn't work from home. Many employees with permanent contract doing average job quality. low level of knowledge sharing,. hard to get tenure for this roll. not organised bad control  of stress. Can get hectic at times. Better IT infrastructure in order.. -Salaries are low
-Managers are hard to communicate with.. Demands and pressure on employees are getting tougher and tougher each year. Corporate politics as in every large corporate.. Exactly what you think of a bank - too many people, too little ambition. From the minute you walk through the door there is a very uncomfortable atmosphere in the place. I have never worked in an office that you feel totally inferior to your immediate line manager. Total bully, and she likes to have the 'God' complex.  Has her own hours of working!
Was an absolute relief to get out of that company.. anyone reading do not work there if that is an option!. the selery is below average. Very bad management, separation between bank workers and others, low level facility. While working with other departments in the bank, realized they are very different from my department by the way they work. 
Mostly closed minded and not initiative at all.. After 4-5 years you get tenure, and the only thing the Bank can't do is to fire you, but in parallel, they can do whatever they want to you, to move you from department to another, from place to another etc.. Abysmal treatment to employees, Sales-over-service approach and general disregard to both customer and employee needs. Needless bureaucracy at every corner overall and awful stress-inducing work environment.. Managemen tends to be more goal oriented and less people focused.
Industry shrinking has taken a toll on promotion within. slow changes, very hard to make an impact. The language ... but all the employees help each other. low salary, cheap organization, bad attitude towards beginners. There is an ingrained bullying culture stemming from a number of mid-management positions been given to people who have no people management abilities and have simply risen to the position by default. I have seen a number of people at this Bank who were severely bullied by their direct supervisor and resulted in their the victim's termination of employment when they raised it with HR for something completely different. I'm unsure if Senior Management understand this is occurring, or whether they turn a blind eye. A few young people have had their careers destroyed because of this while their managers with little abilities or work ethic seem to coast along with praises from senior management. There seems to also be favouritism for Jewish or Israeli staff who seem to get preferential treatment. You can see some of these staff literally asleep at their desk (if they're there at all) and yet there are no repercussions. There is also favouritism to staff who look after high profile Israeli customers with obvious influence from the parent company in Israel to turn a blind eye to riskier and less transparent transactions. Progression is also prevented due to this inept mid-management purposely making it difficult for people to reach their full potential, mainly due to fear of their own inadequacies.. bad management, too much complacency, no advancement, bullying,. many of the people in the bank are lack of drive and ambition because they cannot be fired. as a young ambitious employee that wasn't very exciting. Can't think of
But they are asking for twenty words so I'm just typing in. slow carrier building, low  salaries. There is a lot of hidden unemployment, there is an unpleasant organizational politics, no ability to progress in positions. A very political organization, it takes a long time to implement changes if at all, conservative people and culture, leveling up has to do more with your connections than your skills. Tight shifts, zero patience for mistakes, unrealistic expectations and priority for permanent employees. Promotion is gained mostly by the employee and routine may seem very convenient.. Work life balance, salary, working hours. - Nothing happens if you're not proactive. You have to push your bosses to release you for the next xourse or the next position. The better you are the harder it is to get the next move without escalation.
- Tons of organizational politics an a very powerful syndicate that makes sometimes harsh decisions without prior notice to the employees.. the salary in the bank isnt great. untill you get a status of permenant employee your salary doesnt go up much. 
the start point to the salary is low compare to the responsebility.. the offices are very old and uncomfortable, the accessories of the kitchens are poor and there isn't effort towards satisfying the workers in whatever they are wishing. Not the best salary , not a lot of ways to get promoted. Slow progress, many procedures, salary is not so high. the bank is being closed. lots of  bureaucracy and politics
hard to get things pushed forward. management is disengaged from employees after tenure-allot if yelling since no one can get fired easily so you need to yell to get something done- not much advancement options. low pay, moving up the career ladder very slow. slow motion environment not for young people. You can loss your job saddenly with no good reason. Big corporation, with lower salary. management not stable, too many managers, no one wants to work. If you are not employed by the bank it can be a risk 4 u. A very big organization with a lot of politics. Management is highly corrupt.  I personally had an egomaniac who in the States would easily have been sued for sexual harassment and abuse.  The company itself is huge.  So processes are fit for such a large corporation.. Takes a lot of time to start a career. The company is not exiting and there is no "working together" environment.
The company separates in a very blunt way her employees from outsource employees.
All work at the same areas but sitting in separate buildings (close ones) and cant eat at the same dining room.
the atmosphere is dark grey. old company with lots of "dinosaurs" that are permanent and gant get fired EVER.. A afraid there's no challenge. bad hr field, and bad career proprieties.. Slow moving, big middle management. salary improvement depends to how much your boss wanna help you. long drive to Lod from the center. Nothing special besides not high compensation. I eventually quite because of lack of interest in what I was doing. Even the little of what I liked doing was completely wasteful, since nobody in the organisation seemed to be interested in making things better. 
This didn't really bother most of my colleagues. Most of the 20 or so people in my unit didn't expect to get any professional satisfaction from their jobs. People instead developed rich after-work hobbies. That's great for some but I found it a bit unsatisfactory.. a lot of houers per week. dead end job, it takes 6-7 years min to get some kind of a promotion. Rules was not considerable by the management. people are bit complicated and sophisticated. Things move very slowly here. Slow moving and is conservative. Keep selling offshore assets; such a pity with such a strong global brand. Most of the engineers are very unskilled, staying for long in the bank and being exposed to their bad work and practices will lower your standard and make you a worse engineer.. Too many people are slacking and taking advantage of perks. A bit old fashioned way of working. management has no clue about strategy and keeping to a strategy. This changes every other year. Employees can't keep track and has a negative impact on clients and employees. Complex atmosphere in work and system. not a huge trading presence. Bit of am hierarchical Corporate environment. long hours and coordinating with offices in different time zones. Have not worked here for very long. Nothing negative. Very nice place. As all financial institutions, lots of security and compliance procedures.
No holiday allowance or 13th month salary as those are distributed in the 12 salaries received within the year (along with the 11% of the salary as benefit budget).  Negotiate salary based on a yearly basis and  not on monthly basis.. Nothing much to comment on.. Lots of changes in strategic direction. There is nothing to share. Fast paced environment. Sometimes stressful.. Long hours of work, low pay. Bureaucracy / non performance stay / good performers leave / no upside rewards if clearly outperforming / lack of entrepreneurial spirit. Nothing at this moment for me. Large corporation can be slow at times. Rigid bank with dated software. Not much experience, deal flow was minimal. Bonusescapped at 20%; cancelled frequently for employees without cause.. Less politics in senior management. there is a frequent restructuring of teams. salary, bonus, leadership, computer equipment. Large organisation, hence a lot of procedures, processes, standards to adhere to. Quite normal for the highly regulated financial industry though. low wages - low empowerment - low expectation - low interest. - None can think of. Small teams meant you take more ownerships and multiple roles at work.. I really cannot think of any. Not many vacation, though option to buy. Growing fast. Sometimes too fast. Career prospects are not very clear.  No end of year bonus (because of Dutch law). Busy schedule, work life balance. could work on some internal stuff. Training of new staff could be more structured.. The bank has been going through continuous restructuring periods in line with the strategy changes and reorganizations. Those reorganizations has been causing a high turnover and loss of talent, culture in the bank.. Long working hours, short deadlines. Resistance to change, too many internal policies. Internal systems are messed up. It always feels like your job is at risk, but that is apparently kinda normal for banks.. Uncertainties on business side in the coming 3 years. Lack of clear strategy from the top. slow paced direct communication style. Since its collapse in 2008, it cannot find its feet and continues to shrink. Creates a sullen atmosphere in the office. Poor Work-Life Balance, very stressful.. Complex projects running for years. - No bonus
- Procedures can be a bit slow when it comes to software development. Quite a lot of bureaucracy, APAC Office is winding down, in view of that, there is no career opportunities.. Sometimes long process for decision making. Location, holidays and relatively understaffed.. Currently I didn’t face any challenges. Being part of only a small team, there wasn't career opportunities like you would have in a larger institution. HQ in NL, only that, only that, only that, only that. Lack of strategy consistency.
Lack of top-down communication. Tech needs need to be addressed. Downsizing in everything
Lack of focus. a lack of international opportunities. Lots of regulatory reporting, not always funky algorithms. It was very hard work. Banks have a lot of bureaucracy and are slow to change, but that should be obvious from the start.. Less in terms of learnings. Minus: slow and very political organization. They want to become future fit, but very slow. Process is far more important than results unfortunately there's not great balance there. I would not recommend working for CDX(in retail) - very toxic environment/management. There rest of the bank - very nice people. It's a very DUTCH DUTCH company so for internationals - make sure you fit into an international workplace or that you agree up front about meetings and work in English. For Dutch people - don't worry you don't ned to speak that much English if you don't want to for that exact reason. BE ADVISED: there are no bonuses (prevent corruption), there is a benefit budget instead of 11%. Negotiate hard your starting salary, because promotions in the bank are mostly for managerial fit, rather than salary increase.
Women - negotiate harder! There is a clear salary gap. Business area geography is restricted. I can't think of any for now.. slow decision making, Netherlands focused. Difficult to make a change. Weak Senior Management at Head Office, Lack of Strategy. Bad management, did not listen to staff. toxic environment
poor senior management
highly manual work involved. Outdated technology, not a lot of communication between groups. a lot of legacy application. Although is an international company branch, dutch is almost the only language spoken around the company. - Stifled with dirty politics at the top management. Culture
Lack of transparency pay politics and the agile approach 
Pay
Politics. Bad food
People dont wear Anythjng. Work becomes quite quickly boring due repetitive questions from customers. The company is in constant reorganisation so you need to be constantly alert on employability. - Old systems
- Work-Home balance. No strategy. Weak management. Very little variable pay.. Too much politics with the senior management. Too many changes in the past few years. Lacks local strategy and business growth. The company has complex corporate structure.. There were none of them. product not as competitve as peer, burucratic. Weak management team that has no ambition, no desire to grow in banking, largely a dead bank with no avenues to truly succeed in a global economy. ABN AMRO will be stagnant for the forseeable future. A good person and when you finish. Very toxic environment where the opportunities are not given to everyone. No equal opportunities, and it completely depends on if you are dutch or expats, have a a good personal relationship with the 'inner circles' of the big boss of the departments. 

- Best talented employees are always leaving because they fed-up with this and they get impacted mentally with this type of too much politics. - Pay below market, limited career advancement opps 
- Very old boys network focused, not very diverse
- Should set the bar higher, keep mediocre people for too long and don’t reward talent which is why they leave
- Many reorganisations, shrinking company. Prior to Reorganization of IT company. 1. Ineffective strategies, 2. Limited internal opportunities, 3. Strong head-office control; limited autonomy. Some oldschool technology and resistance to change.. No no no non non. the bank is small so you do a lot of things not related to your job scope. As a global enterprise things may not happen as quickly due to red tapes across management and departments.. I've filled this in for the third time now. Slow Progression for younger employee. as it is a large company, some things take time to change/improve. Too stable, less challenge, financial crisis. Not much room for growth. Can't think of any at this moment.. Can be hard to get into the company.. limited by state ownership and retail organisation only in NL. Lack of strategy, lack of relevant management and expertise. Senior management are living in their own world. Too much politics, bureaucracy, suffered from alot of stress because of this too much politics. The good salary you are getting, can never compensate the stress coming out of the toxic environment. 


- Dutch are always given higher opportunities compared to expats. You can never grow up as expart, no matter your efforts, qualifications and skills. 

- too much gossips and less work.. Repetitive work, incapable middle management driving money towards big projects that drag on for years serving no purpose to the business. Absent upper management, lacking leadership. 
Nearly no cooperation across teams within the company.. Conventional technologies to work with. Slow reacting organization and outdated computers. The salary could be higher. Large bias towards Dutch nationals.. Quite hierarchical, can make long days. Heavy top level management, difficult to move to the top. Many reorganizations within the organisation. High work pressure, can be stressing.. No complaints, great work environment.. none, none, none, none, none. Lack of professionalism in understanding what and how things need to be done. Really low pay. People don’t really put an effort, sometimes appear lazy. This could make people that like dynamic environments feel demotivated. Not really good deal flow despite they claim to be leaders in Benelux. Interns are not involved in execution, so work becomes repetitive after a while.. - not very efficient in general and sometimes bureaucratic. Head office in Amsterdam unfort. - most of developers are low-skilled 
- lots of legacy code base and legacy systems
- change is planned but actions are so slow
- complicated processes for approvals and lots of dependencies. Used to have a lot of opportunities for growth but now a days it is not the case. Also because of lot of political influence technology changes are very slow.. Benefits are archaic and senior management is out of touch. It's nothing but a "good ole" boys environment filled with shady customers and management. They want "yes" people.. too few working seats to work. Burocratic. Politics. Reorganisations. Unmotivated employees (except when it comes to being payed enough).. Na. No negative comments here.. Change can be slow, achievements go unrecognized. A lot of employees are on flexible contracts. Fixed contracts provide more certainty. Not really a work-hard-play-hard vibe. Slow growth in terms of career. None for now, less international than before. No cons from my 2 years experience with abn amro. no clear career progression and lack of clear strategy. Lower salary compared to market. Strongly finance driven, no strong leader, no growth business. Lack of interesting technical challenges for most of the software developers. The teams in Chicago are very small and new challenges tend to be given to team members with long tenure. High turnover and lack of any technical direction from senior management. 

Senior management for technical teams is very short on actual software development expertise, but tends to rely heavily on former mainframe programmers and business / sales professionals.. No negative feedback about this bank. Remote position, so very isolated.. Management lacks long-term global vision. Continuous staff reductions to cut costs leaves many employees to feel insecure. Sometimes management is not clear. As higer management is not working the Agile way.. Nothing to say as cons. At times still too many gatekeepers and need for control.. There is no such bad thing about abn. the balance between work and life is hard to manage. IT systems can be upgraded. I cannot fault them as an employer. over all it is a good company that tries its best though faced with budget constraints as any other company.. Communication with higher managers should be quite formal. Too much work life balance.. Salary is too relative to the market salary of interns. Not always actually learning. Mostly not staying after the internship. Only case for graduate program with only a few places. Administration is unclear and hard to communicate with stuff in other departments.. Departments are siloed, a few of them operate like individual Fiefdoms with politics and unwillingness to share knowledge. their decision to outsource I.T. in the U.S. has been a disaster.. Political organization
A slight absence of goal-oriented approach. Can be stressful at times.. - Long hours at peak times, but nothing unusual in the market 
- Corporate strategy changing multiple times per year
- Messy, internally focused headquarters structure and senior management group. limited growth other than that. do not expect quick promotions. Messy and processes need to be improved. Wholesale Banking Asia CEO is a highly aggressive woman. Not really what Asia needs.. The management tends to not discuss or ask for the opinions of the employees at times.. System limitations, work ownership, and communication make doing your job difficult.. Lack of organisation, miscommunication between multiple offices.. Poor compensation, internal politics, not much of team spirit.. Nothing, It is a good experience. No real complaints about the position or the company. A basic company.. Sometimes difficult to find the right people due to the complex organisation structure. Long hours could disrupt your private life. Not as posh as it used to be. bureaucratic, corporate environment, felt like if I didn't show up anymore one day to another nobody would notice. a large recovering corporation on the right track but further to go. no direction and innovation for regional branches.. None None None None None. enjoyed whole experience, no complaints. low salary, small size in hk. Growing internal politics with a long internal process for approvals. Too much politics and misalignment of ambitions between countries.. Low rates of pay vs competition. Hard to move up at ABN.. No Raises at all. Make money through commision. Making a switch to a different department is difficult. Essentially, you just need to make sure to network with the people from those departments. There isn't an actual system in place that promotes cross-department transfers.. a bit too corparate to be quick and efficient. No more bonus based on performance any more. Long but manageable hours. Really none, You set your own goals.. The  best jobs and career development opportunities are reserved for the head office staff, there is limited growth potential in the other divisions or branches. Some staff remain stuck in the past and not really aligned with the newer technologies, industry practices etc.. A lot of red tape to fight through, as an employee and manager.. Slow approval process. Slow transition to market required advanced analytics level. only few driven and motivated people. slow processes reg getting things done or getting new things, very bureaucratic and many cocky people. It’s a big organization so sometimes a bit slow in changing.. Lower pay than US banks
Terrible systems
All decisions are centralized in Europe
No training
Long-term strategy is unclear. culture, corporate, rigid organization, resume build up. Low compensation, limited bonus, no incentives. Very little growth potential since the bank is not growing rapidly. The biggest cons in the organization are the processes. Sometimes it takes weeks to achieve a simple task or set up a meeting.. Dutch culture and colleagues can be hard to get to know.. Destructive office politics
Dysfunctional with no meritocracy
Dutch staff have preference
Incompetent and often lazy management. - burokratic
- politics 
- management is not visible on the floor. HQ lacking in the communication of strategic direction for Asia businesses. -	Behind the curve of digitalisation 
-	Lengthy decision-making processes. For such big bank - small annual bonuses. Pay not to merket standards. No strategic planning and innovation.. - Lots of slide production
- Lots of desk search. Unfortunately, although this company has excellent benefits, many of them did not apply tho Mexico.. communication not good, management has too much politics. Could have been better. Could have been worse. some wealth management are too aggressive. Only major downside for me personally is that there is not a great presence of the bank in London anymore and the majority of business is done of the the Netherlands.. Poor management , high turn over rate. no clear strategy, bureaucratic organisation. No cons it's all good. Redundancy workflow and approving process are slow down the growth of the company.. All attempts of management to reinnovate the company is pathetic. Until now I could no see anything that I dislike in the company. There is a fairly large number of people resistant to change within the firm; namely those who have been with the firm for a longer time.  It makes it difficult to get buy-in on any new suggestions.. IT outsourced to IBM, which provide terrible services. Because of the bank crisis the way of working change dramatically in a bad way... double agenda´s. They are cutting costs on employee self development. Not as international as before.. Compensation isn't fair based on career goals. Speed, courage, procesoreitned, still hierarchal, understanding the system. Slow decision process, old-fashion managemente style, relatively resistant to adopt innovation opportunities, limited scope and enpowerment for the international division. nothing I can remember of. Remuneration not in line with the market rate. Sometimes can be bureaucratic with often a concensus of opinion required to make decisions. While this ensures all views are aired can often make progress seem slow especially when Dutch head office involved. Slow salary increment, rigid to changes. Remuneration is sub par and not on market level. Those looking to be paid well will not find it as much here.. I worked at Abn Amro Clearing Sydney for 5 years and the place went from good to horrible. Controlled from Singapore, constantly firing or bullying people out for no reason.. Not a ideal culture,constant bullying and harrasment
GES team is a place to avoid like plague
The manager constantly complains about employees and is totally incompetent.
Makes your life miserable. Not much structure or upward movement. old fashioned. other colleagues don't help so much. Prefers more direction and guidance. The financial industry can be stressful, especially in the current regulatory environment.. Bureaucratic senior management that tends to flip-flop between major decisions.. career advancement is pretty slow at this bank. NO teamwork involved. Every man for himself. Terrible management. Management is unapproachable. Very pretentious attitudes. SYSTEM IS PREHISTORIC. Stagnant positions, not much opportunity for growth. still limited size limits exposure. Management not very approachable
Limited Career advancement opportunities. A little bit chaotic
They expect everybody to be as enthusiastic about them as the Dutch, however, not every culture is the same and therefor people might be very enthusiastic, but not show it the way they want. Poor communication skills and confusing management styles.. Limited communication with management and staff. As an intern, sometimes everyone is too busy with their own work to bother with your tasks. They do appreciate your time and effort, just remember you are there to fend for yourself as well.. long working hours and have to learn. Large bank included more aggressive risk cultures as well
Investment bank at times poorly combined with other parts of business. Some employees can be a bit too big for their britches and ought to apply themselves to more teamwork instead . One thing numerous employees always hated was cliques and favoritism.. Not high payroll for part time;. Great place to work, hard to get noticed. Poor systems / processes, frustrating as an accountant. No clear hierarchy, Fun environment could be improved. Very Dutch culture meaning career progression difficult for non Dutch. Dutch National Bias
Lower Pay than US Banks. Job scope was restricted to administration, basic accounts handling across different departments and regulatory researchs. Difficult times at European banks. Very bureaucratic and rigid. Management Board does not always think as one, but rather divisive in how they look after their own performance. Senior positions are mostly Dutch nationals.. Leadership, everything continuously changes. Sometimes the strategy was missing. became very Dutch post financial crisis and gvt bail out. Not international anymore, very local (Dutch) focus. Slow technologically.
Dutch is becoming the official corporate language, not helping to international employees to develop career.. Top down approach. Lack of communication between business units.. Long workinghours - time management challenges. Redundant work procedure, less growth opportunities for non-Dutch employees. lack of senior management in regional offices
lack of defined business model
slow to execute strategy. senior management (level below board) is very political. 
Slow decision making
Risk averse
Inconsistent management styles. Inflexible working arrangements
Lack of opportunities in Sydney
Lack of employee benefits. There is significant task switching required and the pace/stress of the industry is not for everyone.. Very few disadvantages. It was a pity that the previous investment and retail banking structure was overturned by a somewhat hostile takeover in 2009/10 but I hope the bank will return to its former status one day.. Not really any cons. I was a temp so sometimes I wouldn't have much to do, which sometimes made it boring.. Bank obsessed with customer excellence which does not translate to providing the customer but instead focusses on internal efficiency which in turn creates operational inertia and numerous committee decision makers.. - so far so good. Salary should be higher not much to say actually. should increase the pay for full-time employees perhaps. A bank stuck between state-owned vs. private owned. Stuck with many ECB-mandated compliance issues. Also, even though the bank is trying to become international, it still has a preference for speaking Dutch in the office, warding away international students.. Bureaucratic environment can sometimes hamper quick decision making, massive behemoth organisation that is very Dutch market oriented.,, not the environment for international people. Generally a great experience. Recommended.. Office moral is bad especially in the IT department. Poor responses from IT for business issues most likely due to poor treatment by CIO and his immediate managers. CIO has largest office in the place yet has his employees in cubes that get smaller and smaller. The CIO was seen yelling at a former CEO from the Netherlands when that CEO was on his way out. Very petty. The CIO bought millions of dollars of equipment and let it sit for years only to deploy it when he could get more cronies from his old firm to join his group. We needed that equipment sooner for better response times for our trading. Who knows how much money was wasted and still is due to lack of foresight, movement and leadership by this CIO.. Seemed to lack a cohesive growth plan. - "Old school" workplace (welcome to financials).
- Working in a heavily regulated industry involves a lot of bureaucratic paperwork, and slows innovation.
- High stress at times.
- Limited advancement opportunities depending on what position you are in.. Management has lost touch with reality, making bad calls constantly,. Nothing much, a industry wide downside are the hours but you'll get used to it quickly. Another thing is the follow up. You either get a good recommendation or not, but you going to have to do almost as much interviews as new applicants... In that case you might as well look around for other firms which is exactly what I did. Compensation for interns is low compared to competitors, food at canteen is relatively expensive, but good quality, company has muxh less international possibilities than ten years ago i think, before the credit crunch they were much larger. Financial institutions are subject to takeovers and mergers which causes tension amoung employees.. NIL. tight schedule to meet deadline. No international culture 
No career perspective
No entrepreneurial mindset. Overly-centralized, global organizational structure prioritizes head office requirements and actually creates competition for limited resources between locations.  

Amsterdam is tone-deaf regarding local customer complaints and actually deploys gatekeeper managers who not only don't support local initiatives but actually obstruct local needs in order to appease Amsterdam.

Recent departures within ranks of senior management may point to realization that  future opportunities are limited given ingrained structural problems.. Less scope for carrer growth. Time difference takes getting used to. differences in pay between people that have been there long and new people. salaries is not very high. Hierarchical, too many people in the team doing the same, bad leadership. The IT is managed by IBM and they are not handeling the postion very well, they tent to take over but think everybody will cut in payment and do more work for that. If you do not work in IT you will nog have this issue. RBS bought us out and screwed everything up for everyone.. Although they have no problem purchasing solutions, they are timid in changing any of their systems. They still run off of Windows 2003.. Compensation is not so great. Amersterdam runs the show for everything. All lines are tied to the headquarters.. In my experience so far, I have had no unpleasant experiences. Everyone has been helpful, and the internship program is well structured.. - Overly administrative, so lots of time are spent on unproductive, admin work
- Inefficient systems and procedures, can be frustrating 
- No work life balance, OT everyday - your work is your life
- Lots of politics around
- Not advisable for fresh grads to join due to (i) lack of appropriate training - you have to somehow figure out how things work all by yourself, which is hard for fresh grad, (ii) lack of mentors as nobody has the time to teach you and (iii) office politics is prevalent. Only suitable for street smart fresh grads.. IT processes are immature and resistance is significant for improvement. - Large bank with large HQ 
- At times the ratio of high/highly paid chiefs versus indians who actually do the work is astounding (a kick off meeting with 10 people present of which 3 will actually do stuff..?!)
- One has to fit in the 'ABN AMRO mould' in order to grow career wise (don't ask many questions, be overly enthusiastic)
- Office politics are nasty
- Senior appointments appear to be made on the basis of historic ties with the ABN AMRO organisation (may be temporary)
- Some managers think they work for a US investment bank instead of for ABN AMRO
- Appraisal system is questionable and subject to favoritism with all the negative consequences 
- On the international corporate side the bank's product placing power (equities and debt capital markets) is largely absent and unlikely to seriously improve in the future given the steep competition from more competent banks in these fields. Could invest more in opportunities for talent. European and international focus is sometimes at the expense of US.. Sometimes, long working hours but most of the times, it is worth it.. Nothing I can think of saying bad about this company. Only downside was that they sold my division and the new owners shut us down.. Office politics, need to beware. salary is a bit too low. Pay is below market. HR department is a joke.. Challenges faced by a small bank. Slow growth and unprofessional environment. Salary is not relative to the work done
Difficult career progression for non-Dutch. Despite the flat hierarchy, can still be governed by corporate HR policies. Most of the top positions are filled up by the Dutch, career should probably hit a bottleneck if you are a high achiever.. Everything has to go through 10 hoops to get done
Some people, sadly in upper management, are extremely uncooperative and will disagree only to avoid extra work, or sound smart in meetings. 
Highly racist environment. Poor work culture.. low diversity ratio female and male,nationalities. Bad management. Zero understanding of the issues at hand and no budget to fix them.. Going public means mixed opportunities for employees. There is limited risk taking (compared to peers): plans to expand to the middle east and far east have been downsized. Pricing power in the Netherlands is challenging due to ABN AMRO being state owned: level playing field in the retail market.. Not implementing fully implementing agile methodologies. Office environment is rather dated. Still using antiquated hierarchical management style. different areas of engineering function in silos.. IT is a joke. IT department has not kept up with developments in the past 15 years.
Lots of meetings, little or no decisions
Everything moves slowly
No clear strategy or choice about most things
Little real training (internal e-learnings at really  low level)
No career paths for non-managing staff. Underpaid  experts leave and come back as contractors.. No structured training available, small presence.. not ideal if you are a foreigner, it's bank so things take time. Culture to challenge each other to achieve optimal results should be improved more. acquisition by bank consortium has brought down the brand name. No challanges in your work , work is repeatative. Senior management is not adequate enough, had their favourites and played staff members against each other.
Might be too competitive for some.. As an investment bank it's limited in its' product offerings since it's not as big as major U.S. banks.. Typical European infrastructure will be its undoing. Bloated, hierarchical.. outside city of London, which is a major con.. Scattered planning in the US. The company (and each of its divisions) is way too big and complex to value the individual worker.  You can get laid off or sold off in a heartbeat and they won't remember your name.  Not much of a chance to influence company policy even in small ways.. compensation is really bad, international network is limited. - negative atmosphere on the marketing department
- way to much corporate politics
- very slow decision making
- to much talking. They moved to Conn. as part of a merger. Low staff turnover means great stability and a wealth of technical experience amongst our staff.  But it does also mean that career progression can be hampered for those wishing to progress their career to a more senior role unless you accept that your progression might take you into other parts of the Group or our parent bank... IT tends to hire young people so they can pay low wages. Management is inexperienced and often make poor decisions. They don't understand proper project management. Office space is extremely cramped, cubicles are small and you are practically on top of your neighbors.. IT jobs were considered a cost of doing business vs. revenue generator.  Employees on the business side were paid well vs. IT people.  People on business side were promoted often. Becoming an 'officer' was uncommon for IT people.. Messy, political, lots of dark sides. Salary not very high compared to the market.
Attrition was very high.. Had to move to Boston with my family, unfortunately no ABN AMRO locations there. I cannot recall any cons in my employment, except for the downsize, that caused me and my peers to be laid off. ( due to Enron). Sometimes the job itself could get extremely stressful, but that happens in every job.. No real challenge. If you strive to be a top performer you need to bring it yourself - you will not be challenged to become one. After switching your job, your successor can reinvent the wheel again - as he/she wishes; which means that any change is in vain.. For the time I have been I had nothing to complain. so none. You should know Dutch perfectly. Unfortunately there are no extensive secondary benefits. No laptop, no phone and no car.. There are some people in charge who are not progressive. work/life balance but maybe not as bad as in other investment banks. Loading is too much. Business direction is vague. Struggle to develop business. Very limited AUM.. SMall retail bank with great ambitions. no training, low pay, not much carrer opportunities.. No organized training, but management is working on it. Sometimes somewhat too focused on profitability. you need to spend some time on explaining colleagues that 2*2=2^2.

you also need time to convince colleagues that things like BASEL 3 was not implemented in the bank yet and this won't be realized before their retirement either.  They spend too much time on the news or TV but their jobs:-(. no long term vision on career path. Hence high risk to stay is same position for many years.. You have to work very hard for increment at low level. high pressure, account revenue oriented. - No real opportunity for career advancement in the US. compensation is on the low side and not a function of your merit which is detrimental to the overall mood of employees. Business is Business and profits have to be made! It is promising that HQ has the finger on the purpose of the business. The time now is not so well for a business in finances at it used to be.. Nohing much to talk about.. Too fast paced at times, manage a large no. of client especially when backing up another colleague, have to be quick on the ball and hit the ground running. .. At the time I worked there, ABN AMRO was being taken over by the smaller Dutch/Belgian competitor Fortis, people at ABN AMRO wonderd how this was possible, they had a blind eye for their own inefficient organisation model and outdated IT infrastructure. From what I heared, these points are being improved now.. Long hours, extra hours not paid, not too much to learn. Management can be very direct
Not the most skilled people (even being very nice)
Lack of training effort. Slow growth, promotions and raises, not a customer centric bank. Salary is not great very average when compared. Too fast paced. Work life balance can be improved. Limited growth opportunities for employees. Typically stuck to a role for quite a few years. Abn amro no more exists in pakistan. bureaucracy
Dutch oriented employee-wise
too many employees in one building
flex desk working
too many systems on which employees work on. promotions cant be expected very easily. Managers don't often listen to suggestions from employees
Not enought freedom to be creative
Talent is sometimes held back because of conservatism. 1) Weak and incompetent management team
2) Weak and incompetent HR
3) Very political and very difficult to get things done
4) Key positions are filled with incompetent people unwilling to take ownership and responsibility. too political and too much bussy with own carreer instead of company goals. -Weak senior management with limited vision or execution capability
- Informal dutch management structure, difficult to penetrate
- Inconsistent credit culture. Development opportunity are limited in the sense that most of the learning resources are in Dutch. It's still not international enough.. Freshers in industry who really want to have good exposure in their professional life will definitely find job as no challenge. Poor management, too willing to allow bad employees to remain.. Too many Dutch people. More international people would have positive contribution. 
Great potential of improvement in higher management. 
High taxation in Netherlands.. Stress work
Lots of peer pressure
HR not good. Incompetent senior managent. Extremely inward looking and lots of leadership by fear. Arrogant. Especially the management coming from other ( investment) banks who were non performers at their particular previous employer now try to show their superiority at abn amro.. Very low pay and rewards.. - Poor HR policies
- Senior management lack competency
- Poor risk management, poor liquidity mangement; poor compliance ;  high risk of being a victim in the event of another financial crisis, or if the swap market / money market freezes again!
- too much politicking.  ABN Amro has already lost time in 2010 due to re-structuring.  
- Management lacks vision
- Poor brand name. Poor senior management, performance review and bonus are poor.  There almost appears to be a manage by bureaucracy to frustrate people into leaving.  Company was nationalize and many of my overseas colleagues were unsure if they had jobs. Company did not manage the communication very well.. Although the North American operations were mainly left to sr mgmt in the US, the Dutch did often make the final calls.. Comparatively less opportunites for promotion. Client focus not great, future of bank uncertain, globally weak outfit, management no stable, top talent leaving, compensation base not in line with market, market reviews not top quality. One of the downsides at the moment of my employment was the restructuring of the company which left a lot of people unsure as to what their future role would be.. unclear strategy, very isolated business units, high costs driving down profitability, relatively small international network. very political
frequently executives of little ethics promoted, that are full of themselves
starting a lot of businesses without putting right attention to execution
sanctions not necessarily linked to causing of problems
bonus allocation partly very biased/intentional downgrades of whole business units (apart from heads, who give themselves the maximum rating) to cut bonuses. Very limited opportunities for advancement within the company. The bank is mired in bureaucracy and is too conservative for my preference. The computer networks are a joke!. 1. Salary maybe lower than what it is in like organizations.. Need to improve employee evaluation systems. It was an overall good experience and really don't have many cons to report. I would recommend ABN as an employer.. Limited growth and training opportunities are given to young peoples. The organization is also very bueocratic and a lot of administration tasks is required from most employees.. all dutch board and incompetence of senior management.. All training done internally. I thought external training could have been useful. Not too many disadvantages to working here. Hours are long, but it is an investment bank!. Too many changes in too few years. Little chances for promotions. No room for growth, neither challenging. Should not work for this organization  or position, if you are looking for a dynamic job.. Better managment required. mgmt need to be more involved in their departments. employee moral is dependent on wht the mgmt says or does.. Poor to implement strategy longer term. Political red tape.  Sometimes it was difficult to work with mgmt.  Sometimes had to work long hours.. Second tier bank
Frequent changes in bank's strategy. Mildy political. Management is too concerned with bottom line profits so many benefits/rewards were capped or squeezed. Steep learning curve so be prepared to learn quick.. Bank no longer exists so its hard to say.. less personal development, HR was not fair. Job attitude is more like in a 9 to 5 job
IT completely unhelpful
Not a good place for career progression (need a lot of networking to get somewhere)
Management often without any drive. No appreciation from top management; no clear strategic desicion; no career growth since mgt is not really into work. For my group, the management was TERRIBLE. Complete slackers were promoted and given raises while hardworkers were neglected or given pittances come bonus time. This changed towards the end of my time as the director of our group "quit" (I think she was pushed off) and someone new was hired. Nonetheless, the morale of my group was depressing and needed a lot more of a pick me up. Incompetent managers really ruin a work environment.

Again, I want to stress that this was my experience for my small group in a very large organization and so it can not be a blanket statement for everyone.. Maybe not just in this bank, but to other banks in the banking industry. The banks treat the employees more and more as 'just a number of people working in the bank', not the 'people' whose potentials will benefit the company in the long run. So the banks are taking more from their employees than what they are supposed to give back to them.. Taken over by Fortis Investments and after BNP Paribas. No career path, no personal development due to the corporate activities. Strategic projects are mostly canned and all work is focused on separation and integration. This will continue some years in the future. Motivation of hard core employees has dropped to a minimum and the best guys left the building.. ABN AMRO is currently In a merger with Royal Bank of scotland. The merger has dragged on for over a year and there is no end in sight. Positions in chicago are supposedly eventually being moved to Rhode Island. this makes for a weird envirment where 95% of employees know they are not going otmake the move, yet they don't know when they will be forced to make the decision to move or not. Horrible for morale. Be prepared to be ignored. The tuition reimbursement benefit is a complete sham - youi will never be approved for reimburesement despite the relevance to your line of work.. Hierarchy, in many aspects old fashioned, managers are appointed based ivy league schools and fyscial appearances rather than on personal merits and or capabilities.. ABN AMRO has recently been bought by RBS, Santander and Fortis. Near future holds many uncertainties. Information provided by senior management is sufficient though.. Lots...bad management, management's lack of responsibility, management always would find someone else to blame for THEIR mistakes and those blames usually fell on people they didnt like...sexism: it seemed that almost everyone that was promoted was either blond and/or big boobed, if you were a guy, forget it, you would never move ahead...everyone in middle management/team leads were women and many had no idea what the job actually was. Not really experienced anything bad yet. Poor salary increases for specialist roles. Pay could be a lot better. The reward perks are worse then most similar companies.
Using some outdated technology.. Other areas don’t function the same as this team. They wound up the mortgage business where I worked.. Don’t see as much chance of progression.. Nothing great company to work for. Once a certain level is reached there are almost no progression opportunities.. Not many. A few people on their high horse like any place.. Everything else! Dictatorial management styles, rubbish pay, awful working conditions and expectations, office environment is depressing!!. None - Nothing comes to mind.. Poor management, no flexibility, immature leadership, no team morale, cut throat.. None that come to mind. None that spring to mind. Launched a new proposition and recruited a senior management team who weren't fit for the role as they lacked the breadth and depth of experience and had no passion for launching and making a successful of a new venture.. Soul Destroying.   Company pretend to be supportive but no job support. Progression can be difficult as it is a relatively small Bank. I am yet to come across anything major I would change. WFH is frowned upon and seems policies are put ahead of peoples safety for e.g. forcing people into the office when there has been heavy snow - people being told they will not get paid if they dont come in (even if able to perform duties remotely)
Backbone of staff are the same from 5/10 years ago which means that culture has not shifted to modern ways of work
Change is very slow to implement due the above. Bullying, bad management, over all unhappiness. Awful parking. Soul crushing, monotonous work that is the same day in, day out. Long, drawn out induction process. Poor pay. Some weeks I was doing 6 day weeks, others 7 day weeks. No leniency whatsoever with absences or lateness. You are not treated as a human being, it’s very evident you’re replaceable. HR team disgusting. You are only allowed 15 minutes comfort break (time includes making yourself a drink, going to the toilet etc) throughout the day that you have to log in to your phone, if you go over you have to explain why which is awkward and embarrassing. The only benefit I got from working in this role was learning what kind of job and company I never want to work for again. I would strongly advise anyone to steer clear of working here.. Some Offices a little dated. Salary is low compared to other companies. Little progression opportunity. No clear career path.. management are not understanding. Parking is awful have to park outside people houses where residents complain (which is understandable). Morally the job role is quite soul crushing offering people finance for cars and charging a bomb of interest. (these people already have financial problems that's how they justify charging so much interest.). Management getting power hungry. Team leaders are stubborn micro managers and vile human beings. You know what they say you don’t leave the company you leave the management!. People require more training at times, this could avoid a lot of mistakes.. No cons to be noted.. Parking is at a premium, but you'll never have to walk for more than a few minutes to get in so isn't really an issue (it's actually quite nice to have that walk in!). Not for those that aren't willing to learn new skills. the redundancy process was appalling, HR spelling names wrong, put wrong addresses on letters, backtracking on things, and just all in all mucking the whole process up and making employees lives much more stressful then they needed to be throughout what was already a stressful time!! Hope they have learnt from their mistakes, if and when it occurs again.. everything!! power hungry , don't care about staff , if your not liked by management you have no chance , high turnover of staff as most people poorly treated .  I was there for  3 years , cant believe I lasted that long, since then I saw a lot of people come and go , some of them where only there for 2 weeks and called it quits, I dreaded nearly each day, save yourself the hassle and stressed , also you have a very slim chance of getting any where up the career ladder with them, unless you willing to kiss someone's rear. don't even apply. None whatsoever. Excellent environment, colleagues and benefits, no negativity to state.. If you want to go to work every day to do the same job, in the same way, for the next 10 years then this is not the place for you. If you want to be part of the evolution of the business and grow and develop with it then this is the place for you.. Car parking can be a nightmare. Staff treated like children, redundancies, lots of people leaving, HR getting pay and addresses wrong, no faith in the business, very unstable. Haven't a clue what they are doing. Very fast moving business and not always the space to reflect before pushing forward with projects, it is not  the place for plodders!. Poor training 
Poor Management Team 
Poor and inadequate HR department. HR dont care about the employees. Limited opportunity for progression
Low morale among staff
Pay is lower than industry standard. - Sometimes the work/life balance can be challenging to manage between different projects on top of the day-to-day workload. work life balance can be a challenge sometimes.. Indian holidays were an issue but a new policy has corrected that.. Very centralised way of decision making. Depending on projects there can sometimes be long hours but it is appreciated and you are rewarded for it, which i have found in every job i have ever had so not really a con as such.. Very Bad Management and Politics.. Struggling to think of any. Many big loans have become non performing, has caused a lot of fear and uncertainty among the employees. Many other borrowers which are on the verge of becoming non performing are being supported by giving them much bigger loans.  While management is show casing a positive outlook not many are convinced. The fundamental premise of how OakNorth generates much higher priced loans without taking higher risks is being challenged.  The next regulatory review is going to expose some of these underlying issues with OakNorth model of high risk lending. CFO and her senior colleagues resigned in quick succession.. Unlike large corporates, the environment is different (entrepreneurial) which may not work for everyone but for those who want to experience such an environment, it is a good place to work. I enjoyed it!. Very fast paced all the time. Everything other than salary really. Full of it
No work Life balance
No clear management vision
Hoax claim of fintech
Very bad management
Hiring and firing policy
They'll hire you in anticipation of work and the work doesn't come for ages and they'll keep getting you involved in useless activities.. Leadership doesn't care about your health and mental wellbeing
Unnecessary pressure, impractical timelines
Employee's personal time offs are not appreciated
Business teams not at all supportive
High attrition rate 
Thankless job
Zero motivation. Work life balance sometime take a bad turn. Work life balance is very hectic. Bad work life balance.
Management has no idea what they are doing.. Visionless management, act as though they own your life, work life imbalance, FIRING is their policy. Political environment, very very bad environment. Work life balance is very difficult.. Work life balance is tough but such is the nature of the beast. Cons of working in the technology and engineering units of oaknorth bank

1) Because the business is disruptive and market is ruthless, you might get caught working on your toes round the year.
The agility of the team and being proactive at work at all times might affect work-like balance for some.

2) Senior Management is too much involved in the granularities of the projects.
This might be needed and essential, considering the growing stage of this fintech, but it can lead to middle management feeling distrusted and micromanagement for other employees in general. 

3) Product management is a role of huge responsibility here and the organization expects you to be an active player in delivery management as well in addition, which kind of drives away your focus from the product vision and growth roadmap.. There is no con about this company. Long working hours and work-life balance. Nothing to tell  nice superb everything is fine. Venkat sr direct at bangalore, he has no sense how to talk to his coworkers. He is egoist and rude. He thinks he is the king of the world. No matter how hard you work, you will be treated like  useless. They have zero appreciation policy. Just avoid this company and you will be better off. Its daily grind and also on weekend. Zero personal life.. No cons, very positive place to work. Loads of office politics, do as you are told, don't speak up, no progression, get treated like a child, a few very good colleagues asked or told to leave immediately, no compassion, just in for profit. This organisation grooms a person to be more confident.. Nothing
no commuting
carry laptop back to home. Erratic work culture
Non existent HR
Extremely hectic
Experience useless in the undustry. At times they can be too many distractions within the office.. Sometimes the workload can feel overwhelming, but support is always available as we all work as one team. From point of view of timing, you need to work till long hours which will affect your personal life.. None that i can think of. Long working hours as with any high growth business. Very fast paced and juniors need to take the initiative a lot of the time. No hand holding.. There is no formal training as such, meaning that there is a lot of learning on the job. However, there is a friendly and welcoming team, all who are happy to assist, explain and teach you everything that you need to know.. - Small desks
- Long hours
- Employee churn. upfront time investment is high due to high and continuous learning environment, fast volume growth which generally leads to work/life bal concerns. 
However, this gets improve in short to medium run once people becomes accustomed to approach. Can't think of any cons. Long working hours as with any high growth business. Slightly unstructured; probably that comes with any growing organisation.. Health Insurance can be better, Employee Development programs. None that I can think of. Sometimes management change their minds so much that could be inefficient
No clear career development path. None that come to mind. young firm so benefits could be better. No downsides what so ever. It's not really a con - it's more of a consideration which is that this is probably one of the best companies to work for if you're looking to  bring your career to a new level, but it's going to require incredibly hard work. So, if you're looking for a quieter life or a typical 9 to 5 job, then it's probably not the place for you.. I do not see any cons.. Previously we didn't have many employee perks, but now we have an office masseuse, free meditation classes and fruit!. For the wrong person  no place to hide !!. 1. Growing fast led by aggressive management team; hence you are catching up at times w.r.t. hiring needs.
2. While it is good learning ground for employees - lazy people can't hide (so perform or perish - limited room for people who want to time pass).. There is nothing I’d change, or say is negative.. Job safety and terrible work culture.. Nothing as such found yet. Nothing that i can think of. Sometimes work requires staying late in office.. What is missing is a sense of achievement across the company. It's a big thing to be a Unicorn, but hardly people know it or take pride in it. May be the senior management need to take some extra steps for this. This may turn out to be the greatest motivating factor.. Can not think of any.. Small cafeteria and very limited parking space
No training programs for in-house softwares and database
Little stretched work hours. I can write an essay on this:
- as you see in all reviews, CEO just approves the positive ones and discard the negative ones. Actually the positive ones are fake postings created by the HR dept and senior management
- no employee friendly culture
- no work life balance
- no work from home policy (for non copalites)
- parking issues, they are proud to have approx 20 parkings for 150 employees
- no cab facility
- no food facilities
- they never try to build a good company culture
- all the senior management is from copal, taking the company back to past
- they make false promises when offering you a job and forget everything later on
- no one is treated as human; for the management, employees are like slaves whom they bought and they can treat them in whatever way they want
- they consider themselves the best, thus ignoring all scopes of improvement. Some of the senior management dont know how to interact with teams and whenever they address or speak to the teams they do it in a condacending and sarcastic way. None that I can think of so far - Keep up the Excellent  OakNorth. so lazy persons
unprofessional guys
no vision 
every time they do unethical, they do not have any ethics. You want to ruin yourcareer. Join oaknorth. Restrictive working patterns and lack of guidance regarding career development and progression.. pressure to deliver can be tough. Tandem is a toxic place to work and unless you're in the 'popular' crowd you dont have a chance at any progression or anything else. There is NO culture- just getting overly drunk, talking rubbish at the socials, then pretending it never happened. 
The HR team are a cliquey group and have no regard for anyone or anything.. Working environment
Poor salary
Minimal career progression

My employment at Tandem began like most others do. Prosperity fuelled, hopeful and what initially appeared to be an exciting career ahead of me. 

There was a certain buzz about the place with the company envisioning to do great things in the financial industry and being that “good bank” that we have all been longing for. The Thursday get togethers, socials, many nights of debauchery and the culture club made it seem like an amazing place to work and I really thought I had struck Gold with this place. I was wrong.  

It wasn’t long at all before the real cracks started to show and Tandem’s true colours began to emerge. I finally understood what working for Tandem embodied. Being underpaid, over worked and encompassing a toxic culture. There were only so many Tandem induced hangovers one could stomach before realising that this is just one of a few pathetic means to divert the attention off the remuneration and no real benefits i.e lack of health care etc. 

The prospect of career progression and discussions of pay to recognise hard work and commitment to the company was nothing but a figment of the imagination with feeble excuse after excuse being used during end of year reviews as to why no pay rises would be given.

Any concerns of this being raised to higher management or the “people team” (which is purposely written in inverted commas as they couldn’t possibly be further from that) would also be profusely shut down with yet more lies that pay would be looked at in the reviews to follow. Ironically, the only people they care about are themselves. 

They have no loyalty to their employees that genuinely put the work in and instead adopt this notion that workers can be easily dispensable.  The company only value and reward a small minority of employees. (Previous reviews will illustrate who). Favouritism anyone? 

The company also have no clear vision where they’re headed, and seem to change their mind incredibly fast. Whilst most start ups tend to chop and change their business plan, Tandem have done so far too frequently with no product or service being short of anything worthy of infiltrating and having a real and reputable impact in the banking market.

Finally throwing in the towel was one of the best decisions I ever made and I have not looked back since. 

Would I recommend Tandem to a friend? I wouldn't wish them on my worst enemy.. Teams sometimes work in silo and do not allow for the best outcomes.. - If you are not able to adapt and take control of your own development then you will fall behind
- If you are not willing to make yourself known and get involved in company wide events then again, you may fall behind
- The fast pace environment can at times be challenging and overwhelming but the results make you feel a big sense of achievement. - Before we’ve tried to do too many things at once but now we have a clear strategy and focus which will take us to profitability.. - Priorities can change quickly which can stretch individual and team capacity 

-Good soft benefits such as yoga, external speakers, socials etc but salary on the lower side of the market and no financial bonus structure in place.. - Tendency to try and do too much in too shorter time frame, with too little capacity. Challenge is good and necessary but not at the expense of quality.. It is more than obvious for someone to understand what the situation is at Tandem. Simply by checking the reviews, you can figure out where the positive ones are coming from. 
There is no sense of autocritisism, and everything is explained under the umbrella of transforming the bank and start-up title. I can confirm the way big heads of Tandem have left in just one night. 
Take a step back, think of the people used to work there 1 year ago, and what the current situation is. 
There are multiple ways to convince someone for the right way to do something. The only sure think is that arrogance and backstage agreements is not the most inspiring one. 
HR: oooh boy...No clue of how the world works. Its the definition of living parasitically , being just the extra leg of that silly situation. A very simple analysis on Glassdoor reviews would make you think twice. 
The purpose is not to appear amazing on Glassdoor with no base at all on that. Having a truly good working culture will give the reviews you want.. Sometimes, due to start up nature. Direction of travel can change with short notice. - You have to be innovative and independent to keep up with the fast-paced environment
- building a bank isn't easy. - Occasionally feels like knowledge can be siloed within teams rather than shared widely across the business. Although steps are being taken to address this

- Recent changes in product direction have led to a level of unrest within certain teams. This should be addressed to ensure everyone is pulling in the same direction so that Tandem can deliver its 'Good Bank' vision. - There's a lot to do and quite a lean team, which isn't for everyone but it does mean you can take on things you might not usually get to. disorganization, dictature, hr team unexperienced, no clear view on mid and long term projects. - In the past, they had a lot of money for trying new ideas and innovation just for the sake of trying and seeing what happens. However, there is an industry-wide crisis affecting the fintech segment and the free money gravy train has crashed and burned. Now it's all about being data-driven and focusing where the money is.. - Avoid this place. A very toxic environment to work in.

- I enjoyed working when I first joined but since the new CTO and Product delivery director have taken over tech it has become a hostile place to work. They are bullies who use dictatorship to command and control people. If you don't agree with what is being said you are out without any notice. They use their ego's to get ahead and back stab anyone in the process. Your opinion will get dismissed and you are told what is best when you know it's not. They are both rude and aggressive, which I and others have had experience of many times. They say they want to embrace agile ways of working but they do not have the knowledge or experience and do not listen/ not interested in the people who are experienced in agile and just want the teams to deliver like they are machines.

- The culture- well there isn't one. Very few are happy working there. They are not "the good bank" as they brand themselves as.

- HR fall in line with whatever the bullies at leadership level tell them to do.

- Performance review process is a joke and not followed. Line managers have no idea how to support or develop people.. - Toxic people in leadership positions
- 'We are a start-up' is used as an excuse for everything
- Feels like they don't have a clue what they are doing. Having said that the pros, here it goes the cons. 

Be aware, people that you might trust are going to push your carpet! The professional hierarchy system at Tandem is quite political and is all about who is closest to Ricky Knox, the CEO. So, if you want to be someone at Tandem, be friends with Ricky.

Ricky is a nice chap and I honestly don't have hard feelings about him. He is always fun and friendly and tries to be around and keep interested in people individually, regardless of their position/role in the pyramid. Although, ironically, Ricky’s biggest fault and weakness as a CEO is loving to be loved. He often falls into the trap of getting a lot of fake people pretending they know stuff and telling him what he likes to hear just to keep going on the Tandem engine, even though they are extremely incompetent and pretend to do things every day not actually getting any work done for weeks, if not months. 

I know more than one person in the Tandem scheme that does that on an everyday basis and I call them parasites, I feel bad for them because they wouldn’t thrive in other companies. 

I spend a fair amount of working and productive time seating beside someone who copies notes on a notebook and leaves it open over the desk to show off doing something when no work is getting done, in fact, this person spends the day browsing on Google and bouncing personal emails and Whatsapp messages back and forth until lunch break, often on the search of an opportunity to leave the desk and pretend to be useful.

There’s like a clock in clock out kind of dynamic where the individuals go there to collect the salary. The saddest part of it is that in Tandem’s privilege scheme, you don’t need to be good at what you do or know stuff in your area of expertise, you just need to pretend you know and keep convincing the board that you’re doing something every week, so you stay on top of the game. I know people that don’t know the basic skill set to perform the roles they are in but still get promoted because of their closeness with HR and board members. (I am not even counting the personal and love affairs that also play a role on staying on the game, there’s people doing coke on the bathrooms during company socials.

Another problem in Tandem is their HR team, they pretend they get work done all the time and they do nothing. They are great party-goers and organisers and anyone who gets closer enough to them gets privileges including weekly meals and after work drinks not involving the company at large paid with the company card. So, if you want to be and stay at Tandem be friends with them, they will make sure you will stay on board if you are the way they want you to be, regardless how professional you are.

I realised isn’t a thriving environment and it feels like high school. Competent people are doing great work that gets shadowed by a bunch of parasites and narcissists that are there just to take advantage of people and situations to promote themselves instead of working for the company's greater good.. Innovation and desire to be different/better constantly stifled by risk adverse senior leadership and teams who lack the vision to understand anything other than how the old banks do things. 

Hostile and toxic tech leadership that pretends to work in a modern, agile and cross functional way but really operates a 'command & control' waterfall style. 

Chief Data, Technology and Product officer (yes, all three in one!) who has far too much power for someone with very little practical or relevant experience, ability or talent at anything other than shouting people down and always thinking he knows best.. Lacking coherent and consistent strategy. Building a bank was never going to be easy. Toxic work environment. High staff turnover on tech side. Avoid.. - Exco lack leadership
- No product vision or business plan
- Tandem will fire people without notice or reason
- People have stopped caring
- Company has shifted to a dictatorship style
- CEO has lost his grip and the new authoritarian CTO  is running the show
- It's become a joke
- Now I have leave a company I once loved working for. The phrase "We are a startup" is used to excuse a lot of the business's shortcomings. Tandem needs to spend time fixing the problems of knowledge silos and giving teams more autonomy over their decision making. This will help to reduce subpar product releases, and make people feel like they have more ownership over their work.

Tandem calls itself "The Good Bank", and there is a lot to be said for what it is trying to achieve. In reality I think Tandem has struggled to turn credit products into a viable business model—and in a somewhat ironic twist of fate—these products have been removed from the market at a time when people need them the most.

Difficulties with fundraising and changing product direction have lead to a reasonably high turnover of staff. Decision making is often delegated up the company hierarchy, making it difficult for employees to own problems and enact real change. This has lead to some great people leaving the business.

There are a small number of senior manager who vehemently try to do things their own way instead of listening to the advice of their colleagues, leaving people feeling disenfranchised.. Often changes of direction. New employees on-boarding could be improved. Can feel like following startup trends and embellishing internal appearances are more important than solving real problems.. Sometimes a bit hectic but that's startups!. The small teams under resourced, cutting corners to hit deadline. Made for a number of poor products at launch always playing catch up . Also, limited by previous technology choices.. They didn't really support remote working but maybe that changed. Pay on the lower end of spectrum, but made up for it by being an enjoyable place to work. Capabilities limited by previous technology choices
Poor people management. No product strategy/vision.
Technology stack is poor & totally boring
Leadership lacks the energy/resources to come up with a strategy. (everyone does whatever they wish with zero collaboration!)
Lots of internal politics for a small company. Terrible direction of the company, very stop start.. - As with any startup, the fast pace can be stressful at times (but worth it!). Feels like there is lack of direction as it is very fast paced
Career progression is not well-defined or understood
No female representation at upper level management. - Pace of change can be challenging
- Capacity can be tight at times. Not sure if company will be a success, too much long term uncertainty. Pub chat can affect your standing
Legacy suppliers hold back the progress of the company. - Tandem strive to do so much that sometimes it can be a challenge to identify what is the highest priority item. We go through a lengthy process to determine this, and sometimes you can lose a battle on an item you believe to be top priority. 
It's a tough environment at times, we're smashing through walls to get to the end goal. You need to be resilient to stay on the journey when things are not going your way. This isn't for someone who wants an easy ride.. I don't really have any cons. For me the biggest con is simply that is is quite far from my house but many people are in this boat.. • Long commute (personal, not something everyone will share)
• When you're up, you're up - when you're down, you're down. Things happen in the business and banking world that we sometimes can't control - when something goes wrong, it's felt across the business and hits hard.. High probability of FOMO. The office is a very social space and trying to keep up with all the activities, socials, clubs is impossible.. - Eagerness to implement features and value can take priority of smaller but equally important work. - We sometimes go after too many things. - Clearer training pathways based on position, business needs and expectations
- Just keep up with the good work. There can be challenges, but nonetheless I have felt fully supported throughout.. Overall, the company lacks direction and strong leadership. Senior management is not transparent with staff and the company lacks opportunities for growth. 
A lot of hires don't have any banking experience which is necessary to build a bank.
No pension contribution and low salaries for junior staff whilst senior management take home huge salaries considering it's a 'start up'. Management focusing on sorting out investments rather than building a bank
Contradictory business objectives
No experience of delivering big projects
Management structure hierarchical in spite of the size
Slogans over expertise 
Long hours. Early leadership made some classic cliche mistake and more experienced hires there after are still digging the org out of a few remaining holes.. Always overcommitting and overstating their capabilties
Having to focus on funding instead of building a profitable company
Long hours 
Not enough investment in USPs
Senior management/CEO don't have a view of what it takes to get things done and teams are overstretched and undervalued
Poor remuneration and opportunities for growth for most interspersed with occasional overpaid individuals
Learn a lot but not necessarily what you hoped to learn
Lack of diversity
Low morale
Uninspiring
Concerns fall on deaf ears
Attempts to improve culture are hopeless when staff are pitted against each other. It's a start-up so remuneration packages reflect future growth (in the form of share options) rather than current earnings power (i.e. high salaries). This may not be a "con" itself but is obviously riskier than being salary-only.. Senior management has no visibility of the work in the ground, therefore middle managers having full autonomy and working in silos has caused the business money to run out.. Don't really have any down sides. Teams are busy and focused on their projects but the atmosphere is collaborative and positive.. The company was growing fast, meaning my line manager changed a couple of times. But, I guess that's what happens in start ups, and experiencing that growth in the team was a great thing to witness.. High workloads. Tight funding can be challenging. Digital fintech flat structure and highly demanding environment may shock some coming from traditional banking environments. You will pull your hair out at times but come through it stronger and better informed about business.. More structure needed - probably will come as we grow
Team dynamics constantly change as teams are growing very fast. Need to ingrain a feedback culture 
Could be more structured. It's not for everyone. It's a company that is not a startup anymore and is in high-growth mode. So not everything is stable and mature, people are adjusting to new roles and expectations, things change. This is not the company if you are looking for a stable comfortable job. Things move fast, things get reprioritised, and there is always too much to do and not enough people. So your typical high-growth tech company.. Very demanding and too much reliance on small group. .... But it will come with a cost... There are virtually no opportunities to grow.  Hard work does not pay off.  The company has many bad managers and no true leaders. Everybody is working in silos. A very cliquey place, where is more important who you know and not what you know or the amount of work you do.. HR work closely with innovation leadership team to ensure employee voice is not heard and employees cannot whistle blow in confidence.

Senior Tech leads are not enough experienced and take the team for a ride.

no proper prioritization of work and everything is dumped onto teams at the same time.

no appreciation of hard work and looked down if you have difference in opinion.

Senior folks do not delegate responsibilities and do a very poor job in stakeholder management.

Only people who are loyal and friends are promoted and people with skills are left to do the laundry job.

You are excluded , asked to shutup and not raise concerns if you see something going wrong.

no transparency in hiring process and only friends and friends of friends are hired and not based on the right skills for the job.

most of the hires are either from justeat or Asos becasue senior team comes from there.. - Employees are treated like expendable resources, hence the turnover is high.
- Very authoritarian engineering management. Frequent process changes with very little warning and feedback rarely taken onboard.
- Frequent organisational changes which mean that you may not end up with the role you were hired for.
- Blame culture. Teams are paraded in from on the department having to explain why they running off schedule.
- Complete disengagement from the business about what the engineering teams are doing.
- Frequent priority changes which mean that teams rarely delivery projects before they're scrapped to make way for something else.
- Frequent changes in senior leadership.
- Not even close to being profitable after 5 years of operation.. - Rapid development (can sometimes feel stressful). Not great bonus and still in development phase. Has previously suffered from short term decision making. There’s a significant workload so not everyone can cope. WFH is allowed by not well supported. List of them including unfit higher management in the innovation team. No career progression for permanent staff. It would appear they do not care or value employees especially in the Innovation team. Also, the HR dept should be independent and fair but it isn't the case. If you email them you will really late reply of no reply at all.. - Fast working pace is not for everyone. Lots of moving parts makes it hard to keep track of what the latest procedure is.
Communication isn’t great from leadership. Fast paced environment is not for everyone. Management are a joke.  Way to ruin a startup - take a decent idea and get dinosaurs and empire builders to try and execute it.  No decent forward planning and very knee-jerk 'the sky is falling!' attitudes.  Management consider themselves above the rest of the company and all the nice managers seem to get exited for no reason.. Finance Management team (the CFO and his two henchmen) are the worst bullies I’ve come across in my working life. Team mate with mental health is mocked, tasks are shouted down and the team is stressed and exhausted. No help is provided by the Management team and it is just a horrible place to work.. Quick pace of life at ClearBank - won't be for all but great for those looking for a dynamic and exciting working environment. May be challenging if you don't like fast paced environments. People are often spoken about as resource, even in town hall meetings
Employees are not very well respected
Contractors are treated even worse
Communication is diabolical
Constant direct and strategy changes
Underlying procedures also get changed just as they start to work
Poor people management - Ties in with the stance that people are just resource. 
A fair amount of expectation to do overtime.. Change and innovation isn’t for everyone - some people prefer certainty and stability.. Poor management 
No respect for staff. If you can’t handle change and a fast paced environment, or regularly say ‘that’s not my job’, it’s not a good place. There is a tendency to run before walking but mostly that pays off.

Small company transitioning to a large one so comms are fraught at times!. Very old-school bank culture.   Departments operate in strict silos and ideas come only from the top.. limited opportunities for career development.. Toxic culture, poor behaviours and no support. - No progression

Only con I have. A place to come to retire. Poor pay, no progression for staff. There is little to no progression opportunities for most staff. Change is not welcomed nor supported from senior management,. Some senior staff remain in positions they shouldn't be as they lack the experience and knowhow. Lower level staff are not treated well and are ignored. Until covid they were in the dark ages with no working from home nor flexi working expecting 9-5 from everyone. Leaving 5 minutes early was frowned upon. Benefits are ok. Parental leave is dreadful.. Procurement team disbanded in 2018.. job politics
no trust in staff
directors are terrible
CEO is even worse. Poor systems and processes , too many people have been there for to long, no urgency or diversity of thought. A lot.

No job prospects, no encouragement, no promotion unless your face or colour fits.. Hard to find some for me personally . If listen to other staff . Saturday working, traditional.. Some colleagues are fake, and like to make up lies about you. Very much a cut throat ideology of working, the staff that have been there for ages are sly, and wait for you to slip up so they can make up lies about the situation. Most branches are quiet, and you left doing nothing but still getting micro managed as to why you haven't sold any plans etc. (Even though job is not a sales role...apparently). Bums on seats culture, you have to work hard to get leads for your managers...so they can benefit. Salary is poor, and your saturday workings at time in leiu so don't expect to get paid, what good is time when you need money? Some branch managers have mental breakdowns because they work occasionally, and do not know what there doing especially the one i worked with she was unstable. This seems to be the branch culture, because when in head office the atmosphere is much different and better.. Poor pay for stressful job. Due to the size and culture of the company, you could easily get too comfortable and stay with the West Brom for a long time (like I have) - but I wouldn't recommend that to anyone with any company.. You do more for your money then what is expected more pressure on individuals. Branches are a different environment.

Company says it doesn't sell, but CSA's are forced to make conversations to find out people's needs and "address" or better words sell products to them.

You have to have a face that fits within branches, different in head office. If your personality doesn't fit then branch management will find a way to make your time as hard as possible.. Small company so salaries are not great, technology is behind the times.. In terms of my role there seems to be a lot more flexibility from other businesses. There are managers who make staffs life hell and always get away with it They will also ensure they help their friends and family who they have got employed at the WBBS. Worst place to ever work in. Total stress bullied by colleagues and managers. No support to people that really needs it. Too much sales no bonus... That certain managers get away with treating staff badly. Very sales orientated. has a very bad "if your face fits" atmosphere, more likely to "do well" if you're female, pretend to customer focused but more emphasis is put on selling products then actually helping customers, senior management very out of touch with branches they tend to spend more time sat in their "ivory towers" then visting the front line, HR department is very cold and robotic with no meaningful support offered to staff in need, Business is very reactive not proactive, CEO is paid more per year than the annual marketing budget,. No scope for good promotion.. The workloads are unmanageable causing a lot of stress for colleagues.. Dismal salary for the expected performance at the lowest job in the organisation. Needs to be more ambitious. Very few drawbacks to this organisation.. Not supportive of part time working 
Senior leaders are not pulled up on their actions
‘Them and us’ type of environment. Poor leadership. Redundancy threat. High targets. Some areas of the business are managed better than others, not really senior management's fault. None that I can think of. The technology is outdated and processes slow at times. nothing, all good and great selection of quality food at lunchtime. Shocking waste of members' money
Some colleagues work hard to avoid policies and procedures. Awful people, bullying culture, limited parking. Politics sometimes get in the way of doing a good job.. Grading system unfair and outdated, seems to have an unwritten face fits policy. Rewards package less competitive than Leeds/Manchester. Shame I had to leave for university, would've loved to stay longer. Challenges of starting in lock down.. None to be listed currently. Not enough progression options for me personally.. banks pay better and micro management. Conservative (small c), not overly diverse (though this does reflect the area) and a little too risk averse, although this has meant it's been around for over 160 years, sometimes they need to be more bold and active. Senior management are very good but not enough rotation of department heads etc. so developed a silo mentality and are can be more interested in protecting their little corner so tend to be the blockers on getting things done.. At the time flexibility in hours. Management direction can sometimes feel rushed or forced which causes issues further down the line. Too much pressure on sales, negative blame culture, poor salaries in branches.. Management are not focused on teamwork, would rather take credit themselves. There's a culture of not wanting to celebrate one another's success but to put others down.. There are no cons at all.. None that I know of.. Not many opportunities to progress. Technically show moving but that is changing.. Poor salary, favouritism, bias, sexual harassment and bullying ignored by senior management. The pure financial benefits aren't great, but I would say that's offset by the working environment. There's a lot to be said for being happy in your role vs a few percent more on your salary offer. If you end up not enjoying your job I can't imagine you would stay here for money.. Progression is competitive. Productivity is monitored very closely.. Like any boring office, too many pals brigades that dictate everything that goes on, work place bullying and sexual harassment are an underlying problem for younger staff because they hire so many people straight out of school or 6th form.. I genuinely haven't found any downside!. Not the best salary around. 1. Whilst it may sound pedantic, car parking is a major issue for colleagues at Head Office. It's nowhere near adequate or practical for the number of colleagues at the Bailey Office and visitors from in-branch who have a genuine need to drive to work. Whilst facilities management have acknowledged they are trying new technologies to help make the system more efficient, it should be treated with more urgency than it currently is. Due to the Head Office location and the wider area, public transport is often not practical for many who come in from surrounding often rural areas. Skipton encourages colleagues to commute by train or similar methods but in practice, it is not a good enough incentive and it is much quicker to drive which is why it is always oversubscribed. The multi-story car park needs at least another floor and the Society should be harder on Craven Council preventing them from doing this as it just isn't practical for colleagues or residents on surrounding streets. The Society encourages colleagues to not park in surrounding streets but until they provide adequate onsite parking this will always be an issue. The top floor of the multi-story is often left half-empty due to many colleagues choosing to work from home on days where they can't park on-site and yet colleagues who don't yet have a parking pass still aren't allowed to park on-site when they should be able to. Newer colleagues often have to wait well over 2 years to obtain a parking pass due to a huge waiting list and some colleagues are allowed passes when they only live 10-15 minutes' walk away and don't even car share which doesn't make sense. Skipton could try to encourage greater use of car sharing  for colleagues who live in the Skipton area, with more incentives and to re-review working from home which would alleviate demand massively. Skipton currently tries to address the issue by leasing spaces in the Castle car park opposite Head Office and whilst it is helpful, all the spaces are often gone by 8:15 am after which colleagues who are too late are forced to pay to park there and often turn around when they realise the leased spaces are gone and park in the surrounding streets instead, which especially when there are free spaces on the top floor of the multi story must be rather frustrating. Whilst there is every good intention in leasing extra staff parking, it isn't enough to resolve it on its own and there could be better, more consistent communication in trying to improve the situation and making better use of capacity, from the facilities management whenever concerns are raised.

2. Not all of the senior management is approachable and it can sometimes feel like a bit of a popularity contest which risks hampering development for newer colleagues if it is left not talked about openly and honestly without fear of judgment. Skipton are very self aware and proactive with supporting colleague wellbeing, but just a bit more could be done in practice to help support what they are trying to do in this space.

3. There is a lot to take in when starting and it can be a little bit too intense at times especially if you're completely new, whilst there is patience and understanding, it could still be better structured in terms of training when new to the role. But this is a criticism I’m sure Skipton would take on board if delivered in the right way.. I dont think their is any, great place to work!Lots of oppurtunites to progress.. As a company based in the North, opportunities are less in the South.. Weak management and not enough communication. Lower than average pay grades. Some disconnect between HO and branches. The company is growing, potentially a little fast for what it is ready for, hopefully though it doesn't lose its unique and customer centric culture in the process.
A bit of 'this is how it's always been done' in terms of many processes, though positive about the direction senior leaders want to take process and customer journey design.. Not the same prospects as the larger banks. Doesn't pay quite as well as Leeds city centre, but the advantages definitely make up for it,. The management/team leaders, how most of them got their position I will never know, very few have good people skills. They're all very cliquey and will tell you what you want to  hear, but when it comes down to needing them for support, they're not there for you; I felt they were very false. The car parking facilities are a joke, considering how many people work there. Insufficient training time & follow-up support: you get some very intense training and then are expected to just remember it all & then you're put to work.  Extra training, help & support is needed, but you feel like the last people you can go to are the team leaders, you have to keep asking colleagues for help, which makes you feel like a burden. For all the staff incentives and the benefits and the idea they like to portray that they really care for their staff and offer a lot of support and we're all one big happy family isn't true, there's a lot of people there who are struggling with loneliness, with  their mental health, with making friends, with the job, the hours, the stress of their role, the low pay and although Skipton make out they listen and really care, I'm not entirely convinced they do, they just dangle a big carrot and hope it's enough.. Know there arent any competitors in area so salary is poor.. nothing bad to say about working there. They get you doing jobs that you are not paid  or properly trained for.Massive difference in job description and the actual job itself.Total lack of communication, support or direction from management.Highly targeted but try to play it down.Leave staff on their own in the office regularly.Very clicky environment whereby managers have favourites and undermine their staff.Not a nice place to work and a very negative, depressing workplace environment. Very low salaries 
Lack of staff
Lack of knowledge in certain branches 
Lack of structure within branch
No time for training given
All one to ones have to be done in your own time and these are quite lengthy 
Computers out of date 
Use of different systems on the same computer regularly don’t update notes. The diary system is beyond a joke.. Experience can be different depending on area of business. HO is different to branch, branch experiences vary from branch to branch.. Lack of flexibility for lower level employees. Location is lovely but for some it will seem remote. Large company, which doesn't appreciate  that some people  do not want to progress. Poor relationships between departments
Hierarchical
Too many stakeholders in every project
Cautious to the point of inertia. takes time to work way up. Mis-sell roles because they cannot attract candidates on average salaries alone.
Onboarding a joke - no probation procedure, very little support, everyone too busy to show you the ropes so e-learning modules used to replace that.
Toxic culture - b!tching and bullying were rife.
10-15 years behind when it comes to software/technology.
Meeting culture absolutely ridiculous - nobody has time to do any work because of all the meetings.
People who have worked there years off with stress or leaving (forced out).. The exec team have no idea how to run a business - we don't do programmes as they're too expensive.. but run multiple linked projects that never work!. * Unusual working patterns mean you are in perpetual TOIL with odd working hours.
* Position is more sales orientated than expected - you may not have a formal personal target, but you do have “expectations” that you might feel some pressure to meet.. With it being a smaller company in a more remote location, there's less opportunity for progression at higher levels. The pay is not as competitive as other locations.. - Poor training - allowed to change details of accounts with minimum training.
- Bullying/school environment - if your face doesn’t fit you’ll know about it. It feels a bit like an extension of school. Not a normal working environment. Managers quite happy to gossip and talk about your colleagues personal problems in 1:1 meetings.
Pay - in comparison to other companies it’s very poor. It seems they try to make up for this through bonuses.. Managers pick and choose who they want to do well with not much support for everyone. Many managers have been there too long (especially directors). There is a lot to learn and some times it feels as is there is not enough time in the day but there are many pros which out-weigh this.. Some people have been there too long doing things the way they have always been. 
Some people need to be reviewed in their current role and maybe more movement to get ‘fresh blood’ cross skilling colleagues and sharing best practice. Let’s make that positive :) 
Sometimes a policy is taken too literal and needs to be adapted to help the individual it impacts. 
Some people don’t always do the right thing; some people do and not for the right reasons.. Micro management
Cliques
local jobs for local people. Quite traditional in some aspects and not as fast to implement new technology. Targets can be challenging with footfall. Out in the middle of nowhere.
Need to work hard, but will be rewarded.. The pay isn't great.
Personal development also isn't great.
SLT don't really listen.
Your face has to fit for you to get in with SLT - I'm saying this as someone who fit in! I've seen people who did not fit for no good reason. It was not nice. 
There's not much progression unless you want to be a Financial Advisor.
Do not go to BCI, Credit Risk or Operations.. Salary is low and some old-fashioned views. office is not located in a convenient place. The job in general (Financial Adviser) is always a lonely role and its no different here in that terms. The only drawbacks I can see currently though is the usual system problems which you get with most places however feedback is taken on board and even from starting 6 months ago I have seen a great deal of changes being made from feedback given.. So many facilities on-site mean its easy to forget to go outside at lunchtime.. Poor training from H/O other than new starter, Heads of Department seem to be in Ivory Tower rather than understanding customer behaviour and run with it set unrealistic targets and standards.  Working in a branch some distance from others, no progression unless willing to move.  Definate North/South divide.. It can be a very fast learning curve and a lot of information to process, I enjoy the challenge but it might not be for everyone.

It can feel like a heavy work load at times and you find you're having to multi task a lot, it can be a bit overwhelming but you get used to it.. Starting salary isn't the best but plenty of room to improve. Flexibility - there needs to be a set procedure in place. At the moment it is left to the managers discretion which doesn't allow equal opportunities for all employees.. I can't think of anything at the moment that I would change - love it here.. Micromanagement.
Poor salaries and benefits.
Offices need an upgrade.
Lack of commerciality
Lagging behind rivals like Yorkshire and Leeds Building Societies.. Pay is not the best although the benefits are comparable with other similar companies and they are reviewed fairly regularly.. Career opportunities are limited for branch staff.. Unprofessional management 
Hiring managers openly discuss and ridicule candidate CVs 
Poor career progression. Tendency to focus on employees weaknesses rather than their strengths.. Stuck in the dark ages on some things - hard to take change forward. Ambition can outstrip ability/resource to deliver
Pockets of dinosaurs hold us back. If your face fits with senior management then you are OK but if it doesn't they will make your like hell. Company is going backwards. Full of cliques. If your face doesn't fit, or you are not into dating managers then don't expect much in ways of career progression. It doesn't matter about your ability or capability to do a role, it's more about building "relatonships" (see above)- there are a lot of people completely in the wrong roles and management cannot seem to handle this.
Its easy to join SBS/SFS as it seems the majority of new positions are filled with external rather than internal candidates, and many times I've witnessed managers go direct to market without giving existing staff a chance. I have seen a manager refuse an internal candidate as "they are a paki", and likewise witnessed a mortgage get rejected for the same reason. For the location of SFS, their ethnicity is not representative.
Their performance reviews are shocking: managers don't seem to know how to undertake them or follow the framework that they had launched after they got rid of SFS. Its just a mess, and on top of it there are managers who just make up their own which makes it impossible to engage with. Cross-sharing of knowledge is pretty much non existent, and is deliberately withheld as there is a fear of people becoming better than management (and they would rather you spend hours doing a task on the wrong tools/software, rather than spend 20 quid on a license for the correct tools) . 
There seems to be an excessive number of managers/senior managers, and inefficient meetings. The FA's are also quite abusive at times. Lieu time cannot be claimed if working less than 15 minutes beyond your scheduled finish time, even though you cant 'hang up' or terminate or pass a call on to another colleague.. Low pay and not many opportunities, as they seem to promote the next in line. Pay is not close to market rates, they rely on people who dont want to travel to Leeds or Bradford to keep wages lower than market average. There is the "Skipton shrug" the attitude that they don't do it that way so lack vision and desire to change process from how it's always been done.. Lots is said internally - and externally - about company values but in reality there are many people demonstrating the opposite and continuing to get away with it by paying lip service. Management in certain areas fight against each other whilst appearing to be friends.. Would rather work all day Saturday and have one day off through the week.  Paperwork often duplicated which is really unnecessary.. The pay may not be on par with industry standards on some of the more specialised roles.. Parking can be an issue. A bit of arrogance and a lack of understanding of the product, services and culture by colleagues next door.. low salary as compared to competitor. Some people speak the values but do not demonstrate them. There isn't much to complain about.. Had a habit of promoting Sales people over good Managers- if you sell sell sell you will get on, but as managers Sales people are awful. I was once passed over for promotion being told "you had a bad year a few years ago". Yes, but I came back from it and the guy above me was promoted based on under ONE year and was the worst manager I ever had. 

When we were violently robbed we had to stay in branch with the police past 9pm and were back in the next day to open up. One HR woman came down who was ok but the Regional Manager turned up and within half an hour was asking how much we had sold that week!

They tend to favour the Northern offices and favourites get dug in like ticks regardless of the quality of work and their behaviour. Get your head down and work hard and you get ignored - you have to be IN. 

Their yearly conferences for managers were an utter chore - sharing rooms and most people just getting plastered.. Don't trust regional managers!
Everyone is expendable to the company.
They encourage good EOS feedback and to fill in best company to work for,  we have to basically lie.
We are too target driven, it's all about sales no matter what we say to customers about a no pressure promise.
No career opportunity unless you live in skipton.. None I can think of ................... Salary not as high as central Leeds, but improving.. The pace of change is relentless as the Society continues to grow and change to meet the needs of its customers.. Culture changing over time and not necessarily for the better. Work was tedious and could have been avoided with better IT systems. Overall IT systems are great but was then lacking in stores. Teams didn't interact with other departments. Didn't seem a place where you could make the right connections to progress. Maybe it was just me, I was only temp.. Due to the temporary nature of the position I held, training was minimal and responsibilities were kept to simple and repetitive tasks.. Treated badly from start to finish despite turning a branch successful. Was given a good rating on my review and literally the next day told to clear my office out for no reason what so ever. I would have taken to court for unfair dismissal but as I had been there a week under 6 months, employment law does not allow this.. The exec team have to get the balance between putting customers first and being a profitable business. Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they don't.. The exec team have to get the balance between putting customers first and being a profitable business. Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they don't.. Very limited offering and frightened of trying to grow. Salary is alright increases with experience. Very risk adverse. Processes can be clunky. Some processes are slow but the company has invested heavily on updating all processes and systems.. Lack of client facing support. Everything. Its very bad there.. * Old white boys club
* Bonuses not fairly distributed 
* Most management out for themselves. Risk of losing customer focus. As the company is getting bigger it can feel a bit like being a smaller cog rather than recognised individually. Some long standing employees are resistant to change.. Cliquey, awful people
Some bullying and was made to feel extremely uncomfortable at times
Low pay
Little progression. Poorly managed wealth planning department. Lost sight of the customer. Unpaid overtime for some departments and others were allowed it even if it was done for the same reason.. Career progression in some departments could be better. Not many prospects for promotion and can get stuck in the job if you’re good at it. Management process a bit slow. Control – There are too many layers of decision makers and not enough trust. While this is better than anywhere I have worked before the business still needs to trust its people to do the right thing. While I understand this is challenging the business has the ability and scale to really stand out from the crowd.
Some negative sentiment – While the majority support the culture and values of the business some employees have a different view. While any business will have the occasional bad apple there does seem to be some resistance to change.. Salaries uncompetitive within the industry, unless part of the clique.
More interested in your golf membership than ability (Royal Lytham preferred).
Useless management at head of office level upwards.
Investment performance is abysmal.
Ingrained sexism of the 'old boys' who oversee female's 'progression'!
Old pay deals that encourage churning of portfolios.
Empty suits for BD directors.. Management is constantly trying to justify setbacks, remove transparency and make it harder for people to have a voice. 

There are several examples of the company holding people back from career advancement. 

Underlying company numbers are weak, staff turnover is high, and huge amount of resistance from most levels of management. 

This firm is highly political and requires radical change. 

The company is stuck in the past with technology and marketing. Don't be fooled by the new 'diverse' website, this is not a true reflection of the company. 

Performance appraisals will never accurately reward / improve as everyone is put in the same bands.. The managers are all out for themselves, in my experience they handle staff in a terrible way. Its a company where its one rule for one and another for someone else. 
The managers within the back office treat staff as they are children and use a lot of school yard tactics, the issue being the staff actually know more than the managers!!!
The attitude I feel is that you are lucky to have a job and that Brown Shipley is the centre of the city when in fact it is very behind the times and really needs to get to grips with 2018.
Most staff in the front office are completely clueless and if I was to invest my money I wouldn't be confident of leaving it with Brown Shipley and look down on the staff within the middle / back offices.
I don't think you go to Brown Shipley for a career, the place is dead end and you will never be valued and never be able to forge a decent career within the company.. Salaries not competitive - numerous pay freezes and negligible bonuses. 2nd tier management good, but the exec team all lack ambition, very much "yes men". Very beurocratic and not very dynamic. As one person said to me "you go here to see your career go backwards".. Very slow in motivation. Behind the times.. Management very out for selves only - ride roughshod over staff. No real chances to move on
If the manager didn't like you then you didn't progress
Middle managers don't really have much ambition. - The company is promising internal progression, however time and time again they have gone forward with hiring externally as opposed to giving opportunities to perfectly qualified and established internal applicants.

- Clear preferential treatment towards specific people, who even bring on board their work friends from previous employers, regardless of experience and skills.

- Inexperienced higher management with no people skills.

- Exec / Board level people have almost no involvement and no clue of some things happening, levels below them.

- Patronising HR dept which is there to only protect the company itself, using questionable practices and fear-mongering.

*Don't be fooled by the "Investors in People" awards.*. No progression. Slow systems. Get moved about. Quite hierarchical. Quite a few people in higher management who only see their point of view.. Targets, not many opportunities for part timers to progress. None at this moment in time had a good experience. more traditional ways of working. Peakon (survey) constant badgering to fill it in every month nothing seems to change with feedback given
Lack of clarity on career progression. Nothing for me to add here. much lower than market salary. Customer Service Advisor job is sole at admin, for the first 9/12 months you will be phone based with some admin included.. Ageing head office, although moving to more mockery premises once we move back to on-site working. Moving from one team to another team. Weak management
Taking full advantage of Covid (high unemployment, offering lower salaries, because they can)
Liars, don't trust a word they say. Poor behaviour and under performing over looked. quite a high workload for a small team. The environment is an office environment and targets etc. Not a lot of scope for progression with more niche positions. Some management have no people skills, no blame culture aka pass the blame onto someone else rather than using it as chance to learn. Managers in some areas of business have no experience in that area but are somehow in charge and show no interest in learning the job.. No regard for the mental health of employees
If you're not one of 'the favourites' you'll have a rough time 
Some ridiculously out of date practices
Treat employees like drones. Some areas of management needs reviewed. More stress than you are paid to take,  no tolerance for human errors referred to internally as “Risks”, expectations to perform like a robot, total disregard for the mental health of employees . Environment requires a thick skin.. Customer Service Centre Staff not given the flexibility enjoyed by other departments. Busy
Loses its novelty after a while. Senior Management and Managers are not invested in growing capabilities of workforce. Career paths are stagnant and do not offer industry standard job role titles. 

Technology is very old! The software used to create new products is something out of the 80s. Profits should be re-invested into the development and improvement of the systems.. Moving around departments can be frequent. Bonuses and annual raise could be based more on performance rather than flat percentages for all.. Computer says no attitude, too much middle management that have no man management skills. None that I have seen as yet. None that I can think of.. Going through a transition in multiple areas, storming phase. Sometimes tricky to move up from band you’re in to higher role and bracket. Compliance and oversight, systems are antiquated.. Everything, worst place to work. The technology infrastructure needs serious investment.. Challenging and hard work but rewarding. They do not have a solid form of agile development. Nor do they utilise their development staff correctly. We do not have a timeline of work that is required in 2021 and this is concerning. My team and I are unaware of the work we will be completing next week, never mind next month. 

We are some of the most highly compensated individuals working for the mutual yet the most under utilised, which truly represents a bad deal for our members.

I feel terrible as most days I have very little work, and I am told to just continue with CPD. I do not like receiving a salary for doing very little work, but if you do? This is the place for you.

During 2020, we had to adapt quickly and efficiently due to the COVID-19 crisis. However, efficient isn't in our culture. It took months to get an IM service in place, which lead to inefficient communication. Further some of the software we use is outdated and makes development inefficient.

Junior colleagues are well compensated for their work however, salary compensation then levels off. There are no salary reviews and some people stay at a Junior Level, even though they should be mid. 

The progression to Senior Developer, would take decades. They only allow individuals to become a Senior Developer, when another one leaves the business, and this is cascaded down to the other levels.. Directive in their approach, quite old fashioned and slow moving, values not lived.. Wage could be better, however it’s not too bad. Poor pay with empty promises to increase and very little windows for progression. Senior members at the very top of the chain gave clear indications that they cared very little (if at all) to the grunts on the front line. In the end; it was all about profits and feeble attempts to recognise those who literally made themselves sick from what was expected. No recognition for a person's individuality and they forever made changes that often put some staff at a disadvantage, leading to their resignations.. No real drive or direction of the business. I didn't feel the business had any strategic direction given from the top level of management. It was almost "too laid back" - if that's even a thing!. Too much focus on selling products over the counter. Also have to work 6 day weeks.. Senior management do not genuinely care about colleague welfare unless you are deemed a 'business critical' employee
IT infrastructure is outdated and lots of manual processes 
Lack of autonomy in all roles (except director level) due to layers of management
Very little real commitment to improving diversity. 
LBS is a very traditional organisation but is trying to adapt to modern ways of working. From the second you enter the office you'll be counting down the seconds until you leave. Like any large organization it has many established processes that need changing, modernising, and some of the tech software is in need of updating.. Pay is too low. Yes, you dont need too much skills to get into but you get skilled while there and you dont really get rewarded for it.. Dishonest, lack of opportunity for growth, outdated, underappreciated colleagues. Separate toilets for senior management. Slow, traditional, adverse to change, layers of management. All frustrating elements.. Salary, Progression, confusion surrounding the new office move. Not worked there long enough to say. Not a lot of room for profession. Unfair treatment, managers have favourited. Some departments still feel disconnected within the company when there should be more direct communication.. There is so much bullying from management and lack of recognition for a job well done.  The pay is incredibly poor for what you do and what you have to put up with.  Career progression is only available to the favourites and if your face fits.  So many examples of extra marital activity with managers.  As a faithful man I never got on.  I wish I’d woken up a long time ago and realised how unprofessional the organisation is. No cons that I can think of. Not a lot of cons! The work can be repetitive but that is a given, also makes it less stressful.. Terrible management at the branch/ Head Office never trust their employees..they take managers word who is miss using the branch for her private life meful. with her partner which is shameful. She has regional managers under her thump. Every one trusts her and  employees are frightens that they lose their job if they speak out.  Manager instigate disciplinary in order to threaten the employees not to speak out.. - Poor senior management with inconsistent feedback
- Established processes aren't documented. Distance between branches in the south. Pay is a bit of an issue here. The definition of despair is "the complete loss or absence of hope" and that sums up life working at LBS.
The company tries to "save" money by failing to invest in its people and technology, in doing so it loses far more money than it saves.
"Hierarchy" and "blame culture" probably ought to be adopted as official cultural values.
If you work here long enough, one day you may stand in front of a mirror, seeing a person looking back that is a shadow of your former self, with blank eyes masking the despair that has consumed all the joy from your soul.. Can be a bit slow moving and bureaucratic but that is changing. No chance of promotion to senior positions if you're from an ethnic minority. Only get promoted if face fits. 50+ Head of Depts, every one White.. Do not value employees, favouritism shown to long standing employees and certain departments are set in their ways with a reluctance to change.. I was fired because I told them I thought it was ridiculous that they wanted me to manage people's mortgages after 2 days training on the mortgage application department. If you're thinking on being a client or an employee just don't. They only favour bimbos that flirt with the whole team and are way too friendly even though they're engaged. If you have no morals and love to gossip at work this is the place for you!
If you're a real professional then avoid avoid avoid!!. Unqualified superiors , miss-communications, you cannot question. Constant criticism. Irrelevant development. Poor managers. Rubbish salary.. . . . . .. Progression opportunities can take a while. Slow and can be frustrating. A bit hard to progress unless you move closer to Coventry. - culture of jfdi
- used to be a nice place I was proud to work. Nothing that I don’t like. Sometimes seems to take a while to see change happen.. Recent change in company culture where sizable pay cuts are done quietly and all agency and engagement is pushed to one side. Nothing to say there is no cons. High expectations and low pay. No cons that I can think of. Management don't practice what they preach. Double standards. Bullying by management. - do not care about mental health
- lack of progression, feels like they never want you to go to the next level 
- no rewards 
- no benefits 
- nothing for exceeding your role. Low Pay, sometimes difficult targets set. Pay. They get away with paying below average by offering a shift allowance that's an extra 10% of the base pay, but only if you agree to work all hours and saturdays, All hours is now 8am-7pm and sometimes over as you have to stay on the line with any customer until they're finished.
Customers can be very entitled and rude and you have to deal with them, even if they're screaming down the phone.
They say they're committed to wellbeing and looking after their employees but they're really not. They tout these CARES values that they say are the lifeblood of CBS, and to the customers they are. The problem is they say the same to the employees and that they treat them the same way but they don't. There's very little support for mental health or financial difficulties.
They have an accreditation scheme that is explained as something extra to get pay increases outside of the normal and a benefit, something that is entirely in your hands. Only issue with that is that one category is logging a minimum number of complaints, something that is completely out of your control as it's reliant on having unhappy customers.
Moving up in the company is very difficult as they have placements for people - the next level up from contact centre advisor is a telephone support position. There are currently about ten people in it, only four of which are classed as permanent members of telephone support, the rest are on placements, even though the placement has been going on for well over two years.
The pandemic shifted everyone with working and people had to deal with the strain of lockdown and everything else, but senior management insisted on keeping all targets exactly the same - yes, there are targets to hit, no matter what they say in the interview.. Monotonous just being on calls.
Shifted hours can be unsociable.. Below average pay in finance. - IT is suffering with culture and moral, scoring lower than the rest of the Society on feedback surveys
- Change and IT are separate, creating a negative culture and atmosphere on the staff caught in the middle
- Lots of Silos with managers acting as gate keepers
- Feels incredibly difficult to work here day to day, with processes and policies blocking any actual meaningful work 
- Overly bureaucratic. - although advertised there are “no sales-based targets” there are plenty of hidden targets. Management will come down on you like a ton of bricks if you miss those...
- work is monotonous and can feel like the same thing every single day. 
- management are not helpful and not willing to be flexible. 
- constantly reviewed like the Big Brother House! 
- older staff members are treated like royalty. Didn't care enough about staff. Sometimes hours (especially when closing on a busy day) can be long due to amount of work done - might be due to the lengthy/bulky procedures?. IT leadership team runs by fear, intimidation, back stabbing and outright lies.
Really unpleasant place to be, with many people leaving or being pushed out without a moments hesitation. No real downsides, as with any role management can be a pain but that isn't exclusive to any company.. Felt there was limited opportunities for growth once you get to a certain level as they’re keen to bring in externals, but had a good experience of this at more junior levels.. Traditional leadership approaches in some cases, poor org structure. Could do more to support the younger generation and first time buyers
Could do a lot more with technology. Frequent restructuring in some areas. No organisation. Staff in jobs they shouldn't be in. no bonuses
the office is still being managed old school and not upgraded with new technology and software's. Very busy workload and sometimes it can feel as though other departments or teams dont pull their weight. Progression can be difficult as recruitment processes can be very black or white. Great place to work nothing negative. Location - Binley Business Park. Not much to do at lunch.. No cons of significance to list. Sometimes opportunities arise "if your face fits". Non, but be prepared to work a fast paced environment.. Barely any diversity in management and senior management / executive levels.
They need to be more aware of the various cultures of employees, as well as respecting, embracing and cherishing them.
Many people don’t always feel like they are part of a team; they are more there to just turn up, work and leave; which is sad as that’s where you spend most of your day!
Cleaner and more modern facilities are required.. nothing I'm satisfird with my job. Work pressure may be too much when deadlines come. Didn't like working Saturday after working in the week. 5 1/2 days on was too much for me.. The job itself is soul destorying. Salaries and package on the low side. Procrastination is everywhere! Nobody can make a decision, which results in under investment and lack of a plan. 
Roles do not have succession plans and people leave and are just replaced by contractors rather than building enduring capability.. with low salary and unexpected situation.. Salaries and package on the low side. Minimal benefits for 401k and insurance. I don't have any cons. Too many politics in HQ. It can be made difficult to progress.. I did not fine anything. Depends what you're after in a job - if you like stability CBS is perfect. Institutionalised company with old morals and culture. The company sells jobs on career development, unless you are an IT genius, personal development is very little. Pay is also very very poor for some staff.. Can’t book last minute holidays without hassle. Its the worse ever organisation I worked for in my IT Career. There is a lot of discrimination The senior managers will promote their own friends who have come from Barlcays bank.  The senior managers don't have a clue have to run change and they will not listen. They talk about equality but there is no-white staff member in senior management team. They don't  trust their employees and there is a lot of red tape to deliver. I can't believe its one of the top 100 organisation in the UK. I'm sure they fiddle this. I felt completed de-motivated working there. It was a very bad experience.. I guess that the only negative is that it is difficult to get national transfers anywhere for anyone that wanted to as there are predominantly a midlands based company.. Salaries have improved in line with other companies. repetitive, too target driven, high turnover. Cant think of any cons. Growing faster than the rate of recruitment so there is an element of firefighting that takes precedent over continuous improvement. Tools and software applications meet basic requirements but are outdated and behind the curve of those one would expected from a leading financial services provider.. Pay - they fall short in certain departments compared to other companies (although other benefits such as bonus are excellent). Step out of line or report a possible fraud and they remove you immediately. Playing catch up with IT systems which are far away from modern. Need more forward thinking management. Very much a head in the sand company.. - A little bit old school in areas
- Not best positioned for anything social after work. the support nework could be better. There are no cons - it's great. As a place to work there are genuinely no cons. Each department has different ways of working and different expectations, if one doesn't work for you there's plenty of opportunity to move around.. They are a bit frightened about letting people know that it's a fab place to work!. Technology and Technological thinking is very behind, any dynamic futuristic ideas generally tend to get quashed. 
A recent campaign to promote females in the finance sector seems to have created a bit of a sexist attitude towards men, some areas of the business feel like girls clubs. 
Internal career progression  is supposed to be a priority but the process fails many times and internal interviews can be over zealous. 

Relatively speaking the  salaries are not competitive.. High customer service expectations  for all staff. None. Provided me with great foundations for a career in banking. Does use old old technology

Sometimes it's own processes holds teams back. Processes are often quite long winded. Not applicable. 
No negative feedback. not a competitive salary. Progression difficult. Genuinely none. They're gone above and beyond at catering to a number of different situations. Thoroughly recommend.. Repetitive, not many opportunities to progress. Car parking can be a challenge. Lower pay than other institutions BUT this is compensated with job security - they even recruited during the financial crisis and are still growing, so i'm happy with a reduced salary compared to other financial institutions that wouldn't hesitate to make you redundant.. For a company that prides itself on values, I did not feel this was reflected in the department I worked in. Promised one thing and it would never happen. When I approached management about reviewing my salary as my job had changed so much, I was promised something would happen but never did. When I made management aware I was thinking of leaving as I didn’t have much other choice their words were “you won’t get much more money elsewhere”.. Low Pay, Poor Communication, Muddled direction. Not always the oppurtunity to develop and progress. Limited opportunities for promotion, small canteen. * Resistent to change
* The technology used in IT is very old
* Very project driven
* Very ITIL centric
* Few benefits beyond pay and a pension. Some of the technology is a little outdated, but hopefully that will be changing soon.. None really, I only left as the office moved. Paperwork and dated technology! They are working very hard to bring us into the present modern age but are not quite there yet!. Everyone above manager level is recruited externally making internal development impossible and meaning that talented home grown staff leave.. Not enough co-operation between different departments, too much back-stabbing. Gossip and other stuff like that.. compared to jobs at other banks its not that competitive for pay. A little behind with the times.. My overall experience of the management was poor - Lots of micro-management and there wasn't any support for career progression (I was once lambasted for even suggesting looking to advance my career!).

No support for further qualifications.

Severely under resourced branch.

Lots of pressure to sell financial products to customers.. Salaries are not at the high-end for the industry, although competitive. This reflects the Coventry's conservative nature and ensuring that they are taking fewest risks possible (sometimes overdone).. Pay for certain roles is not competitive
Flexible working policies vary depending on role/department
Lagging in terms of adopting new technology. Lack of promotion opportunities. No regular pay reviews. Technology systems are out of date but this is undergoing major change.. a bit too much focus on customer service. Because of size limited opportunity for progression 
Lack of parking at city centre sites could get expensive. Some areas need modernising, attitudes can veer from forward-thinking. Salary, Promotion Opportunities, Location, Changing. Middle managers will stab you in the back to protect their inability to perform their own role.. You were on the phone every second of the day. You had to type in a code every time you got a glass of water or went to the toilet and got in trouble if you spent too long doing either of the two. You repeat the same to every customer on every telephone call it is very repetitive. There is minimal opportunity to progress, if you start this role the only way to really progress is to move into a different role. This is like jumping through hoops and some roles even for an internal move required a four stage interview process. Sometimes there wouldn't be anyone on hand to help during busy periods and you would have to deal with a screaming swearing customer with no support. They have zero tolerance to lateness so even if you are a second late you will miss out on a pay rise. You could sit by someone all day but because you were so busy you didn't even say a word. After a while, this job was soul destroying hence why they have such a high staff turnover for this particular role.. A fast paced job having to deal with difficult customers. You have to always be on your toes and have the up to date information in your head, the information is always changing. Limited opportunities for progress.. Poorly handled redundancy that was strung out for over 3 years. Felt abandoned and unwanted during that time. Management seemed stuck in the past, ignored progressive ideas to continue with former ways. Cannot hit a project deadline.. Less pay, less opportunity to grow within Branch, working on Saturdays. It is difficult to find any at present other than joining during lockdown which means we can not all meet in person. Despite this, the use of Teams has been great.. I haven't found any yet. IT challenges and the occasional pace of change.. You wonder how people get certain positions!!. Lack of distinctiveness, not as close to building society roots as it could be. Low salary compared to competitors
Outdated technology. Office politics can be an issue. Old laptops but being upgraded now so will be sorted soon. - I'm normally skeptical of reviews which say this but, genuinely, no negatives for me so far; it's a fantastic place to work in my experience. chage can be slow, systems out of date. The way you are treated by some customers. Could be a better pay. Limited opportunities to progress in certain areas. Very busy, ambitious agenda at the moment. Far too busy, No staff recruitment for months and impossible to book holidays unless it’s 12 months ahead. Career progression and scope for promotion. Resources and the decision to close the site.. - Nothing I can think about. Very harsh if mistake made. I didn’t feel management were very supportive. Too many planners, not enough do-ers. Pay not enough 
Job role too demanding. Bad management, lie, don’t follow correct procedures. The power dynamic within the senior leadership (Chief Officers) is unhealthy and managed poorly by the CEO. This impacts negatively on senior managers who get caught in the cross fires, causing delays, wasted time on cancelled projects etc.. Progression is slow and was the reason for leaving.. A worryingly passive agressive culture. The image portrayed is friendly / wellbeing focused / inclusive etc but it's all for show in my opinion. I've seen some pretty horrendous treatment of various colleagues over the years.
Salary 24k to 28k in call centre, annual bonus is reducing year by year.
Workload is relentless.. - Learning and development not a priority
- Culture not receptive to change
- Not enough staff. Low salary well below median wage and little opportunity to progress until you have been there at least two years. 
Limited job role and lack of variety. 
You can get stuck doing a very menial and unsatisfying job like sorting ISA post or setting up direct debits for between 1-3 months during busy periods or before full training can be provided.
Management do not respond well to negative feedback from annual employee satisfaction survey. Little career progression. Loyalty, knowledge and experience is not rewarded in the salary. The advice provided to your customers is continuously scrutinised. No work life balance when working 6 days per week.. Quite traditional in its practices and needs lots of work to modernise. Technology massively out of date. it a great to work with nice people. Bad management As they barely care about you. None. I would've stayed but have just been made redundant.. There are no cons for YBS. Senior management are largely risk averse and anonymous.
Company have a poor record at implementing projects.
Overall the company needs to move with the times.. Poor Technology, Very reactive management instead of being proactive. I do not have any cons. I hated every minute of it and it was terrible. Senior Management based in Bradford and making redundancies in Peterborough. Management in customer communications change harass and bully, and encourage others to do the same. Aggression and intimidation on a daily basis. A discriminating place to work.. Some bad apples in the management structure managing to hide their incompetence. Very much a boys club in some parts of the business.. Not sure what they are. Pretending to uphold member values while chasing profit.. Medium to low end salary compared to similar establishments. Job security due to office and staff rationalisation. Constantly reorganising departments to meet medium term plans, which adversely impacts staff confidence.. Salaries are not the highest but it's a great working environment.. Management don't seem interested in you. Many cons including cliquey atmosphere and low staff morale.. - Poor salary in comparison to competitors for this type of role.
- Management are sometimes selective with staff members, setting different targets for certain employees, while knowing that some of these targets are impossible to achieve. This behaviour boarders on bullying and harassment due to it not being based on performance. This witch hunt style of management tainted my experience with this employer.. Lagging digitally, need to catch up quick. Better IT and Ttch would be a plus. cant think of any cons. Constant demeaning language and discrimination by management, cruel and hostile attitude.
Intentional damaging language, cruel place to work.. Top management can find it hard to stick to decisions and courses of action. Quite old fashioned structure and management style. Compulsory cover of Saturday shifts may not appeal to all indivduals. Hierarchy and management very ignorant. Less progression in the branch network. Low salary
Too many changes at the top
Let most of their good employees in Change go. Systems are slow, salary could be better. Lies.
They don’t treat branch level staff with the respect they deserve.   I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone.  There’s no progression. Too many to list but includes bullying, harassment and discrimination. Lies being told even up to CEO level. Poor IT making working practices challenging, very behind with the times. Lots of change for changes sake. Not always open and honest.. Ruthless culture in recent years of hiring and firing
In danger of letting too many experienced staff go. no cons - everything is good at YBS. No clear direction or job security. No way to increase basic pay
No career progression 
Dont know how to treat staff in redundancies
Some managers are poor. Stuck in the past
No real direction at ops manager level. No room for progression unless someone leaves or on maternity for example.. No teamwork , everyone seems to compete with each other. Too much favouritism in the area.
Very repetitive work and little recognition as an individual. Work mostly under staffed with no support.. Unknown in other areas of uk. Soul destroying etc etc etc. Seem to be reactive rather than proactive. Don't think things through thoroughly before making business decisions.. Due to scale, communication is sometimes long-winded. Lost its way through previous leadership vision. Even if you excel at your job, your rating is still only classed as good, so the bonus is lower. Not always communicated and lots of organisational change which creates uncertainty. Career opportunities if you live near head office are great.. No progression available from consultant upwards. Poor career growth opportunities or training.

Management slow to commit to decisions or work strategically.

You face either fits or it doesn’t. Clique environment and highly political. 

Extremely slow to make any change a reality.

Poor systems, processes and technology.. Underpaid in my opinion compared to others. Commute to Leeds can be tough, somewhat losing sight of its mutual purpose.. Very poor practices, lack of regular constant training to ensure progress. 
The organisation focuses too much on compliance and over trains to the point where you don't get  enough regular practice to apply your learning in practice. Not given a proper chance to thrive as too much training and compliance. I understand training and compliance are important but the organisation of the training was so poor it hindered regular progress. A lot of talk, not much action. Very little empowerment and zero options for career progression, especially post-restructure.. Inconsistency between managers' actions and words, old tech/systems.. Pay increases don't happen when you move internally and you can end up being paid below your pay grade with no budget provided to your manager to correct this.. My have to commute to office if role based in Leeds. Continuously under restructure so very unstable work environment. They are not willing to fight for their loyal well experienced staff they once had. Job descriptions are not reflective of the actual work, especially in Financial Crime/Risk. Senior management do not take kindly to opinions even when asked for, it feels like they need to give lip service. No continuity or stability of role. Lack of training. Extremely high turnover of staff to the point in financial crime they must be paying more for contractors than actual staff!! HR should intervene.. Lack adherence to company values by the leadership team - poor business values - lack of service and support. No opportunities for further development.. Financial benefits for the hard work are minimal.. Managers do not care how they treat staff, they bully and intimidate. Awful place to work, where bullies are employed.
When they bully and intimidate you, they expect you to be cheerful in the work place.
After they have harrassed you, for everything you say and do, they give you a sales pitch on well being.
They do not want to allow breaks, but give you a sales pitch on work life balance.
Bullying is the norm, the status quo, with work life messages thrown in for good measure.
If your role is not considered a key position, you are treated the worst.
They want you to contribute ideas, but their response is always very abrasive.
They enjoy and encourage bullying.
They want to know about you, and use this knowledge to intimidate you.
They use bullying and intimidation as part of their job.
You will not recover from this awful experience.. Split Sites can make collaboration hard. Ill-disciplined and unbalanced middle management
Childish office environment
Old fashioned mentality. Pay on the low side, capped bonus, set pay increase and seem quite low. * Zero career path which actually confirmed by directors of the company
* No staff retention
* forever changing direction of the company -  makes most colleagues feel at unease
* Looking to cut cost at the expense of staff and its members. Continuous change doesn't allow for any sustainable progress and very hard to keep up given the organisation's size.. Underhanded management techniques
Poor handling of salaries of long term staff
Lots of talk about getting opinions and feedback to act on and it's evidenced as simply lip service.
A toxic environment for well being.
Difficult to get support and development to be able to progress in the company or elsewhere, you get stuck.. Worst employer I have ever worked for. The company has a set of brand values that are completely inconsistent with what goes on behind the scenes. Treated ex N&P staff very, very badly.
Senior management are clueless in terms of decision-making and strategy.. redundancies and reduction in management, losing too many strong and experience individuals. No training (sink or swim environment), no professional qualifications, 10 years out of date, terrible pay structure way out of line with rest of industry, rubbish communication, limited staff due to change and replaced with contractors-surely not cost effective?. Pay structure, progression, culture, not willing to adapt. Lots of redundancies and lack of progression for branch staff.. Too much pressure and lack of training. You're thrown in at the deep end. Poor management. Too Corporate and valuing statistics over employees and lack of progression.. Good company to work for, not really any cons. Micro managed, you have your day scheduled and you are very closely monitored on what you do, even taking time off the phone to use the toilet. I've been here a good few years and had no opportunity for progression. You have to jump through hoops to get anything changed for the better.. High pressure working environment 
Unrealistic goals
School classroom feel - micro management 
Pushy management 
Poor IT servers 
No flexibility- e.g working from home and strict working hours. -not very professional
-Branch had very slow foot traffic. sometimes can be too much hard work. No cons  in my opinion. None that I can think of. Too many broken promises : to customers and staff regarding branch closures; to long term employees regarding agreed past pension changes; to employees of other building societies brought under the YBS umbrella - now ex-employees. 
Many experienced staff choosing to leave, retire as early as possible or take redundancy due to low morale, bad atmosphere and poor job satisfaction. YBS losing years of irreplaceable in depth business knowledge and experience in the process. 
Poor branch and call centre jobs - low salaries, lots of targets, lots of red tape and process changes and lots of pressure while often being expected to work unpaid hours.
Too many small minded and short-sighted managers who only want to surround themselves with sycophants and wallow in their own perceived self importance.
Dept/team management often far too busy covering their own backs  to run their areas efficiently and effectively.
Senior managers too weak  to halt over-running projects that everyone can see are not fit for purpose and subsequently waste millions of pounds. 
Weak contracts with low quality third parties that result in massive wastes of manpower and money while delivering poor quality and little or no actual benefit.  
Too much time spent on generating PR - ie an ever increasing number of paid charity days which are mainly used by employees to escape from the daily grind.
More likely to be thanked and acknowledged for painting a fence or selling charity raffle tickets and cakes in work time than you are for doing your job well.
Consistent negative feedback from annual staff surveys repeatedly ignored or just glibly explained away rather than addressed. 
Supposed open door policy and no blame culture but if you raise issues or question anything expect to be overlooked/sidelined as a non-teamplayer.
A lot of deadwood employees hiding away so expect to have to do more than your own job and thinking but don't dare to complain and make work for management. 
Lots of internal politics so be sure to watch your back. 
A mutual that gets increasingly excited about making huge profits which actually come from the members they are supposed to be helping !  
Poor annual appraisal processes that mean employees waste many unproductive hours trying to evidence and justify themselves in order to get a pay rise.
Management don't practice what they preach and pay lip service to intangibles like trust, loyalty, quality and caring about their staff and customers.
Lots of pointless meetings and presentations that help fill the day but kill your productivity.
So many other small and stupid things that suggest management are either detached from their employees and the realities of the shop floor or just don't care.. Bad management, no career progression, lots of branches closing. Very out dated work flows.. Two many people who don’t know what they’re doing but know how to behave in meetings, needs a new broom. Friendly people if your face fits. Not treat equally and people not given equal opportunities and support for development and progression. Dated processes and very manual. Leadership and management not great, departments work in silo.. Poor new management who promote staff on a face fits basis and some have a bullying culture and have their favourites. Too focused on improvements rather than getting the job done you are paid to do. Far too many meetings which are about things that don’t even get put into place, too much faffing about and waisting time. The workers who have been there years are the ones who suffer and don’t get the appreciation they deserve, it’s all about fresh blood now. It’s not the family culture it used to be unfortunately.. The positive values often don't get embedded at branch level
Too much communication, mixed messages and changes
The layer of management between branches and head office can be quite petty and control freaks, seeing assertive suggestions as direct threats. Warm, friendly culture being eroded through difficult but (in part) necessary decisions being made. Only some leaders willing to listen, or even tolerate, constructive challenge. Behind the technology curve.. Never met their date objectives with introducing changes. Where not open and honest at times with Changes felt kept in the dark.  Other staff members where aware of your problems or errors before you were this was more branch managers not being discreet.. Not easy to book time off. Progression within is slow and can be a reason for people to look at other opputunities outside. Note this is towards the Business development role within Accord sales

Toxic management/heirarchy, they couldn't give a toss about the individual, bullying and snide comments are rife within this area of the group. Seems the only place that has it actually.  Avoid accord sales at all costs!

Treated as a 4 year old at times for genuinely asking a question 

Bullying from higher management

Stressful workload, all they really care about is how many calls ect you take, regardless of how much work on top they add on. For example. An unpleasant undercurrent of bad management practices, in and out groups, if your face fits with senior people and you're nice/don't challenge ideas then you're alright.. Working with such un helpful management. Genuinely can't think of any cons.. Very old fashioned outlook and it seems opinions from branches aren't considered as highly as those from head office. 
Pay isn't as competitive as other financial institutions.. a little too risk averse and too many committees. they are working on this though.. Low salaries compared to the market place. No cons needed for this. Very old fashioned systems and processes. Branch closure announcements.. shifts are sporadic and you cant organise things outside of work. Salary is lower than other banks/building societies, but the pros are worth it if you want to develop. My branch was closed given no real reason for this, feels that the building society is adapting far too slowly to the latest technological changes, no mobile banking app for example.

Management bullies you, favourites who have been with the company for years get special treatment. 

Expected to cover at other branches across your area with no extra pay, if you have to travel an extra hour to get to another branch to cover you're not paid this time back. Your travel costs are paid though, which doesn't make up for the fact you could essentially be spending an extra 2 hours a day travelling to and from work. Also told to cover never asked and at a moments notice too.

Understaffed across the area meaning you will have to go cover branches because "you have no choice".

Start at 8:30 but don't get paid till 9am, finish at 5:30pm only get paid till 5pm, that's a lot of hours over a year that you are working for free.

Management lazy and clearly waiting for retirement, staff are therefore not driven or motivated and any talents you may have will be not so subtly ignored.

If a customer screams at you and swares at you and makes it feel like you're about to have a nervous breakdown...well don't worry Head Office have your back and will kindly compensate the customer financially for your competence at your job. 

Systems are so old it makes doing your job more difficult then it should be, unless you are in a refurbished branch...then you have the joy of working in a branch designed by people who have never worked in a branch before.

Condescending and patronising management, makes you feel useless at your role over the smallest of human errors...whilst the favourites will have his behaviour ignored.

Be prepared to have targets (YBS don't have targets)...but you do, spend hours and hours of your day on pointless administration and constantly 'log comm' every single action you do so that you can cover yourself when you are inevitably accused of something.

Procedures are ALWAYS changing  meaning you have to adapt to this, which is totally fine unless your manager decides that its another way to micromanage you.

Branch managers trying to justify their roles by setting time consuming and relatively pointless work and of course plenty of micromanagement. 

If you're ill or have problems at home, don't expect your management to be of any help whatsoever in fact the attendance policy is just as outdated as the systems in branch. 

Not only is software outdated so is the hardware, be that keyboards, monitors, desk chairs...which are not only bad for your eyesight the chairs are also bad for your posture. A health and safety nightmare. 

Any good work you do in branch is ignored and if you do work in a branch be prepared to be made to feel like the runt of the litter when discussing anything with head office...they really don't care.

The values of the society might well apply up in the magical land of Head Office, but on branch level you are constantly being reminded that none of these apply to you.. Still a small company with alot of room to grow and with that salaries could be better for the roles in branches.. When YBS took over N&P brand, the brand was lost. Operations and higher management don't really seem to know what is going on. Lot's of contractors from fields other than finance completing change implementation with little knowledge of effect on frontline staff/customers. Results in misscommunication, demotivated staff. Also very poor salary compared to competitors. Difficult to progress as when internal roles arrived people were already placed there. Interviews were a formality.. No investment in staff. Not encouraged to express your self. Ideas don't get listened to. Wrong people in wrong jobs. The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing
Cloak and dagger approach to messages. 
The vision Is trust but upper management don't promote this. Old systems
Micro managers
You have to evidence everything you do
Theres a checklist for everything (they dont trust staff)
Hardly any staff in branches.
Customer consultant retail savings meetings are confusing and pointless-customers say so.
Every meeting is recorded
Theres alot of paper wastage- the probably kill alot of trees.. Career progression - a lot of young talent exits the organisation after a few years. It's a very cozy place to work, so those higher up won't move on and generally they just want to keep things ticking along, doing what they know whilst sitting it out to retirement. There's a lot of chaff and deadwood sat in jobs that aren't needed. 

Managers - Most middle managers are actually really poor people managers. They are nice people, but have no idea how to develop, inspire or generally lead. There's been effort recently to correct this but, really, most of the managers simply lack the ability or willingness to change. 

Whilst pay is probably average, it feels like  YBS do all they can NOT to pay you more as you develop. 

Silos - different departments don't work well together. It's a well known issue. A lot of work is duplicated around the business because of it, which creates  friction. 

Hot desking - a horrible consultancy practice that really doesn't work and creates a lot of tension.. Sometimes more orientated to fixing problems than avoiding them in the first place, which can be a little frustrating.. - Bereft of talented people;
 - Slow to adapt;
 - Management are utterly clueless as to what's going on;
 - Possibly the most incompetent HR and Comms departments in the country;
 - Big bank mentality while purporting their dedication to being a mutual;
 - Those who speak up find  themselves at a glass ceiling quickly.. No clarity of procedures among different branches 
Procedure for selling products changes frequently confusing staff about correct processes to follow
Progression to non branch based roles are limited unless you are willing to relocate to Bradford/Leeds
Not enough staff to cover branches and lack of organisation when sending staff to other branches.. Weird culture - everyone pretends to be fake and happy. Because of this, at the start,  I thought it would be an amazing opportunity to develop my skills and potentially start a career. But it turned out I was very, very wrong. Management only care about getting as much money and not employees or really even their customers - you just have to try and squeeze as much money out of them as possible plus the manager was a bully. I felt belittled and inadequate so very often and I was not the only one. Even if you complain or raise a grievance, HR and management will not take your side.. Bullying from senior managent led to numerous staff leaving and still waiting on response from ht. You have to evidence EVERYTHING and write essays to back yourself for end of year appraisals and appointments
Systems are a little pre dated. - The pace of change can feel relentless at times.
- Recent leadership/organisational changes and cutbacks may affect staff morale.. Pace can be slow at times. Can't think of anything specific. Unpaid start time 8.30 . No flexible working in branches. Constant changes to working practices.. The management pick and choose who they like and the moment they decide they do not like you you are on your way out. 
Management like to do lots of illegal things such as meet offsite to have a chat with other managers to tell them not to hire certain people or promote them. They look down upon all their colleagues below them. 
They often do not keep things confidential and certain information becomes known to colleagues below their level. Some men in management like to make comments to girls half their age and compliment them about their hair etc - very unprofessional!. None, none, nothing, nill... It's fantastic. As business is owned by members money isn't as sparing as other businesses
Some areas of the business treat differenty to others.. Micro management - it felt like we were second class citizens on the Twilight teams. The majority of people in this team were highly educated as either professionals on a career break due to family commitments, or academics studying for degrees, PHDs or MBAs. There were only a handful of your basic entry level administrators in the team but we were all made to feel useless and underqualified by the daytime case managers (who, on the whole, were generally people in their early twenties who clearly knew it all! I'm generalising here, but you get the drift) 
No flexibility around working patterns - it was five days or nothing which was stressful as it meant I didn't get to see my spouse until the weekend.. Very sparse branch network so difficult to progress.. Policies and processes need overhauling to make them easy and simple. Procedures and processes are a bit behind the times 
Branch network run on minimum staff. Contact Centre colleagues are sometimes taken for granted by certain departments and It's demoralising taking repetitive calls without recognition.. The Salary banding is below average. No support, bad management and no work life balance. No training or support. Too much management speak. Some people think they're cleverer than they are. Can't see the simple and easy way and would rather over complicate matters to show how smart they are.. Salary is lower than the rest of its competitors
A lot of favouritism in the workplace - if they like you, you can progress. Ybs has no targets...yet there are so many targets that they hide under different terminology.

Be prepared to come to branch at 8:30am and not be paid until 9am and stay still about 5:30pm so you lose an hour of pay.

Paperwork...lots and lots of meaningless, mind numbing and endless paperwork...be prepared for being observed by your manager...ALOT!

Remember being at high school and that annoyance of constantly being graded? 

Expect to be graded all! the time whilst trying to maintain targets even if it's quite you still need to make sure you are trying to sell home insurance etc.

The work is easy enough once you've done your training...which by the way is all the time you Will be shipped off to Bradford for 2 weeks for training, then come back to realise all that training is useless and irrelevant to acctually doing the job...why oh why is there such inconsistency with the training course and the actual job you are training for.

Whilst in appointments you have so many hoops to jump through even if the customer Doesn't want to know you are having to talk at them and make sure your are saying all the mandatories whilst your manager is Sat behind you writing notes of everything you are saying. Grading you. Again.

Mental and emotional stress makes you not want to go in because of the sheer amount of paperwork you need to catch up on, no paid over time either.

Very much a "get over it" attitude in branch no support.

Boring....SO boring.

Great if you like boring work which is initally interesting for 6 to 12 months but then you realise it's extremely repetitive but once you think you know what you are doing you are given more work to do they keep piling it up and if you aren't seen working you are questioned why.

Bonus is terrible and pay structure depends on previous experience there is 2 more people doing my exact job where I'm based and they BOTH get paid more than me, only reason is that they have experience in financial services previously even though I have done the same training and do the same job.

They like to keep dangling a carrot in front of you, has taken me awhile to figure it out...but I can grow my own carrots thank you!. Work related stress and anxiety which has led to depression was treated with hostility, bullying and discrimination. Management  state that 'Staff cannot expect the company to look after its employees because this is not the police force for example'. Employment contract states that unpaid overtime MAY be expected but in reality, unpaid overtime is demanded every day, without fail. There is no consistency between branches, blame culture exists and no accountability for bad management decisions. Health and safety policy is not adhered to -  a ladder fell on me whilst I was crawling around on the floor, doing a cash count. Other policies are available but not implemented. Very shabby organisation. Poor management, no leadership skills, dull and boring, no atmosphere , you will be depressed once you go live on the telephones after you have finished your class room training for 8 weeks, you will learn about 30% of training in your class room, other 70% you will be clueless and asking a lot of questions when you go on ur own. For 15,501 salary per annum would rather get 99p mcflurry from macdonalds n other 15,500.01 would rather sleep than earn that much in a depressing environment  because u will be bored out of your brains and will eventually get depressed.. A lot of waste of time and resources..more streamlining needed. - Some bright people with great ideas, if only it were possible to deliver them
- Senior leaders and C-level disconnected and mistrusting of lower level staff making doing anything / decision making almost impossible - often they will overrule decisions with no explanation and because they apparently know best further reinforcing the perception that all intelligence and skill sits at senior management level.
- Making anything happen is made even more difficult because departmental heads / jobsworths make a mockery of the company core value of  'Customers at our Heart'
- Lots of recently joined C-Level's career bankers clearly have their eyes on the CEO role, hence decision making sometimes appears more driven by individual career progression than genuinely wanting to make a difference
- Broad gate office in Leeds is lovely to look at, but it's a sick building; too warm, too dry, ask anyone who works there about the 'Broadgate headache'
- With a very vibrant job market, they're losing lots of good staff for the many reasons above, the work is dull and lacks creativity and has to be delivered against a backdrop of jobsworths and frustration
- Zero as in NIL career progression opportunities, no career framework, ironically the high staff turnover rate is a good replacement for it... Terrible communication, lack of praise, poor salaries, no motivation, poor management, managers in roles they never should have got, email culture from managers, it is very much if your face fits.. Leeds centric, didn't invest in colleagues, remote & distant leadership, mediocrity is permitted to persist, poor at prioritisation, lack of transparency in culture, often impersonal, suppresses innovation. There is no direction, not many opportunities to develop for permanent staff. Too Many contractors who advise senior managers incorrrectly wasting the company tens of millions.. Not great benefits and bonuses. Has a lot of 'not what you know it's who you know' and 'if your face fits'. Little room for progression, the managers are too absorbed in maintaining productivity and take little to no notice of the wellbeing of its employees. Lack of inter-departmental communication means tasks go unnoticed and unsolved.. Where do I start? Far too big for their own good, far too greedy, far too paranoid, far too tight, management lack all common sense. 

Worked for them for a number of years after they swallowed up the Norwich and Peterbough Building Society. If only the customers and regulators knew the dodgy practices that went on within the branch network.  

For many years they had not only video recording equipment in the banking hall, but also sound recording too which we later discovered was actually illegal as there was no warning to customers that their every word was being recorded. But what the most devious of branch managers and area managers would do was sit in their office listening to the counter staff to catch them out if they didn't approach the customers to sell them one of their awful products. Sneaky, I'm sure you'll agree. 

Which comes nicely on to the branch managers - what is the point of them? They have no authority, all they are is a person with the label who has to run EVERYTHING by the area manager who has an equal amount of zero importance. Area managers main duty is to bully each and every person below them before buttering them up so they don't pursue them for the aforementioned bullying.

Targets - a perfect way to encourage mis selling. So the FCA or whoever they are got very funny about staff being targeted to sell products. So in about 2013 YBS decided to abolish targets. Only they didn't, they just secretly told all staff to stop using the word targets so that they could be seen to be doing the right thing. The emails stopped referring to targets, sales sheets disappeared and evolved into 'ooo, let's see what we did this month to see how much we have helped our customers' sheets. All of the written evidence appeared to show no targets! But then we come to the area conference calls. The calls where the area managers would collect the sales figures for the day and humiliate those who had no achieved their targets - y'know, those targets that you're not supposed to have. Tut tut I hear you say. As a couple of examples, I regularly heard higher up colleagues quoting rough interest rate style returns on investments done through the financial planner to meet their referral targets - those products had no interest rates as they were investments linked to the stock market etc. Very naughty. They targeted us on internet banking activations to stop those who wanted just banking related transactions using the branches. Shortly followed by the team meetings to try and increase footfall as it had dropped so much. It's like they didn't make the connection. 

Logs. Lots and lots of logs. YBS are very keen to look like they are doing things right, so they have logs for every single thing. A ridiculous number of logs with no purpose. Many of which were simply doctored at audit time so that they looked right as there was no way of checking the unnecessary information that they recorded for example the passbook log.

Staff levels permanently low as staff were constantly off for long periods of time with work related stress due to the unrealistic targets and bullying. Which often left one or two people to serve the people in the queue. Which was fine until their new rule of two people to open the safe came in. So suddenly, you had no-one on the counter for a few minutes while you topped your drawers up incase a staff member was stuffing cash out the safe into their pockets.

Bonuses for a cashier went from £900 per quarter when I started to £80 per quarter when I left for doing more work!

Paid from 8.45 am but expected to be at work at 8.30am. Paid until 5.15 pm but never got away before about 5.40 pm. All extra unpaid.

Despite the above, I maintained my ethical standards and managed to be a top performer, received extra one off bonuses for customer service and for being a reliable employee until I couldn't take the crap anymore and jumped ship. As did many other employees who were their best members of staff. And to top it all off, your job reference simply confirms you worked for them and your start/end date and NOTHING MORE! 

A company that expects 150% from you and your secrecy, give you no thanks at the end of it all.. Pay is peanuts compared to others your given a big draw in but impossible to achieve salary as they don't like increasing, atmosphere , opportunities. Not enough pay reviews, bonuses not good enough, development time could be better.. Management ability, rampant bullying, reduced benefits, extremely political, daily demonstration of favouritism, many recently employed senior management are totally incompetent, CE has an agenda. Culture changed in last few years.  Lots of ex Halifax Management creating this new culture. Low salaries, low recognition. Ideal for losers.. Uninspiring offices for someone who likes to look out the widow occasionally. Small village feel with legacy systems and relationships.. Customers were left with no accounts.. Salary is way too low for the job.. Not a huge variance of jobs outside of the heartland. There is no flexi-time policy which would be a welcome addition to the other benefits.. Often some confusion in where to send queries. Does it go to FCT, or does it go to QAT?. micro management, inflexible, old school. working hours were long and late plus travel. Work load really high due to sucesssion of mergers and sometimes you feel like your chasing your tail and not making headway. This causes frustration across the business. Fragmented communication can be an issue not just trying to work cross functionally but also within my department. A lot of change is taking place which does mean that things are slightly unsure, I am trusting the business to do the right thing as they haven't let me down as yet.. Upon completion of CIMA programme (roughly 3 years) the salary will only be £29,000. Understaffed, lack of ability to make any decisions without 4 levels of sign off. Exec tend to be stuck in ways and not open to new ideas - 'they know best' - regardless of what evidence or experience shows. No appetite for marketing innovation or investment in software and tools.. Crap location, miles out of town, with nothing to do at lunchtime. OK if you travel to work via the motorway (M62), but not if you have to drive home via Bradford centre.. None really, loved working here. Nothing I can think of. Dated process and structure, people are not empowered to make change. The regression since cybg takeover is phenomenal. There is no attempt to learn from remaining heritage VM colleagues. Everything is a backwards step.. Uncertainty, Too many conflicting priorities. A lot of reorganisation going on which can be difficult to keep up with when working remotely.. But those hanging around from Clydesdale Bank make the place really difficult to get good work done. When I first joined, the culture was collaborative, supportive and friendly. Now its political, cost focused and overly bureaucratic. "Purpose" and "values" are just words. People are not at the heart of decision making. Silos everywhere. Jobsworths abundant.. An integration programme that is burning money at an alarming rate but has delivered very little;
CORRECTLY aligning staff pay, pensions, holidays working hours, car allowances etc is taking forever - I think HR must be on strike (or maybe under resourced);
2020 no bonuses or pay rises;
Only 5% pay rise for promotions......yes 5% (why would you)
Staff leaving the company at an alarming rate - some areas are as much as 70% under resourced
99% of contractors have left due to IR35 and specifically a recruitment company skimming contractors salaries.
Long serving Staff wanting redundancy as low paid and no incentives so therefore becoming unproductive;
All this is breading a spiral of unhappy staff and an unproductive workforce.  
DO NOT JOIN THIS BANK IF YOU HAVE OPTION, you will end your career.. Old fashioned. Bad culture. Bureaucratic. Not people centric.. Some colleague and management issues.. The people, the leadership, the processes, technology/systems and the mediocre pay.. Can take a long time to make a decision
Some people are very image conscious
red tape with group for simple solutions. The PMs sit in CIO’s Business, Personal etc. Now if you are applying for a PM Role. Let me be clear on one important aspect. YOU WILL NOT BE DOING A PM ROLE HERE ! you will be doing the following:
Micro managing Feature Teams (you have to because you will have a Senior PM on your back) but remember they will not report to you. 
Every day you will be fire fighting, Every day !, a simple thing like a defect fix will take days, meetings and stress. 
The Senior managers are very very difficult to work with, now these people are key to your project.
Its a hell hole and most perms will leave within 24 months, and 80% of teams are contract.. Lounge was open 7 days and had minimum staffing so worked a lot. - Management focus is on profits and sales, no concern for employees, their health, mental health etc. 
- No/ little scope of promotion 
- Laughable increases in salary every year (£10 a month BEFORE tax) 
- No work/ life balance, you work Monday to Friday and every alternate Saturday 
- Abuse from customers tolerated from management level 
- Management ask a lot but never reward for extra work (except in sweets? )
- Company in profit but bonuses not given this year in case of loss next year. Glacial pace of change, entrenched senior management of very variable quality. Best members of the senior management team (Ian Smith, Enda Johnson, Debbie Crosbie) have all left in the last few years.. Toxic culture 
Micro managed
Play it of being agile but actually everyone is over worked
Run the business so thin that everyone is just run down
Shocking systems and laptops etc 
No clear progression paths would rather hire external. Some legacy systems and processes still exist, and some of the longer-serving can be reluctant to embrace change readily.. None that I can think of. Awful micro managed
Terrible project management attitude with more emphasis placed on bureaucracy and slide decks over delivering good service customer focussed enhancements. No user research is done to create good and well designed products. More emphasis and where you get in trouble is in this bit for not completing internal systems/updates, or attending a million project boards a day rather than looking at the customer design and journey and enhancing this. They talk about the customer in brand or marketing, but this is all rubbish - it is the most un customer focussed brand i have ever worked for.
Slide decks are worked and reworked for days with usually over 10 versions to say the same thing before going to the next layer of management
very hierarchical
Very demeaning, untrusting management who go against the true Virgin brands which Richard Branson believes in and tweets about. Needs more scale and better service fulfilment. Business decisions
Poor management 
Not very agile. Integration meaning theres a culture clash between 2 merging companies. No flexibility for people with family commitments. None that I can think of.. Dated, needs to get with the times before it's too late. If you're a manager then you dont have enough analysts to deliver the right work.
If you're an analyst then you cant do any interesting or forward thinking work because you are literally putting sticking plasters on everything or doing the minimum to stay 'regulatory compliant'.. It's an old company - both in technology and attitude - but they advertise themselves as innovative and hip.

Major decisions are shareholder not customer-led (despite the publicity).

You're told exactly what to do and how to do it (even if it makes no sense). Don't bother being creative, innovative or proactive (there is no requirement for you to be any of these things).

They say all the right things, but don't seem to know how to do those things. But it looks good in the news and on talks.

Senior management will ignore expertise. It's more important for them to be right than collaborative. It borders on bullying.

Expect fluffy communication instead of important information or strategy. You're left feeling unsettled and unsure.

Decision-makers seem to ignore past learnings and choose the worst possible option every single time.

Information gatekeeping and hostile silos.. High expectations leading to long hours. There's a mass exodus going on in Digital Solutions. Even new hires become jaded with the culture and lack of any improvement in work-life balance. This leads to a brain drain where nobody really knows how anything works or came to be.

The business is a huge case study in Tech Debt. A simple change can easily consume months of your life, you will see things.

There's a lot of "Management Theatre" going on. Your technical opinion will be asked for, considered, and then ignored or overruled halfway down the line. As your teams' project inevitably runs over-time and over budget, more and more different job titles from the upper-echelons will start joining your meetings, as if their presence will somehow fix everything. Back in the old days of office working, it wouldn't be uncommon to see multiple managers gather around a poor developer's machine expecting to see some kind of CSI hacker montage as bug after bug falls in their wake. There's just a general lack of competence in understanding how to build technology products. 

Agile adoption is largely smoke and mirrors. Most Business Analysts and Project Managers have just re-labelled their old process. They just want tickets closed at all costs. The upper echelons who control the funding don't really seem to understand the Agile process either, so by-in-large end up forcing things to be planned and estimated the old way. Agile just means sooner, right?

You'll get daily emails and announcement messages about how important it is to take a break and go outside. Developers and Designers aren't really given the chance to do that though because they're constantly on the clock or being pulled into field questions by other managers. Executive level or financial role colleagues seem to have a wonderful time though. The more useful you prove yourself to be, the more likely you'll be swarmed with requests that aren't even to do with your area, or part of your weekly Timesheet.

Due to all the Tech Debt, don't expect to be using the latest and greatest of anything.

Lots of 3rd-party agency contractors with *very* mixed levels of technical and soft skills. They work their contractors to different standards, which can often be very awkward.. Lower salary perhaps compared to other banks.. poor management bad pay negative outlook. None to note all good. Undermined by team leaders who want to make their lives easier
Dealing with rude customers constantly, where you have to sit there and take it
No room for progression
Working weekends with poor breaks. Bad management teams and favouritism. I can’t think of any cons. - Pay is extremely poor for the amount of work requested, no chance of a salary review or advancement. Job roles feel clichy and not based on experience/ability in your role. People have been made managers who don't even understand the role. 

- Work from home set up has been a disaster, people on the office have been told to stay there. No plans for home working, those working at home are missing things they need, such as phones. This has caused a divide in the business because the company spends money on silly things and is poor at planning. 

- your opinion doesn't matter, no one will listen, only objection handle you.

- The business prefaces that the customers matter most, however we don't reflect that on what we do and its a "get the numbers out" approach, which not only is poor for the customer, the employees get punished in quality because they didn't so something that they might have with more time. 

- Management doesn't understand the morale in their department and instead of challenging directly, we get emails that are just a load of nonsense about nothing.. Poor career development opportunities for graduates. Lots of cost cutting going on.. old systems, some systems need updating. The executive team is low quality and they have a limited view of customers' day-to-day experience. Culture is poor with a lot of silos and unhelpful individuals defending their fiefdoms. The best and brightest individuals keep leaving the company, especially senior management (e.g. Ian Smith, Debbie Crosbie), with the remaining staff resembling the inhabitants of the Galapagos Islands (weird and wonderful due to a lack of natural predators).. Salary is often below market reference & Lacking clear progression. - The acquisition of Virgin Money by CYBG has resulted in Virgin Money work culture seeping in which seems to be more about sugarcoating things and promoting authoritarian attitude
- There's literally no appraisal, recognition or career progression at all
- Different flavours of transformation every other year with same results. Face fits culture, basic salary, overtime. Poor pay with little opportunity to advance in role. I only knew heritage VM, but some area managers were too focused on the brand and not on the people. you were never really listened to and things were covered up. Culture is changing 
Losing experienced staff. Covid recession has reduced spending for new staff. The wage is low compared to other companies.. No real cons look after staff. Underpaid for the level of work.. Cost-cutting has come high up the business' agenda for the last 18 months, and I'd expect this to continue for another year. This means good ideas often can't be actioned. Technology is also very dated, or with shiny tools being built on top of dated infrastructure. This can mean that colleagues don't have the tools to do the job.

Fair pay and remuneration can become a challenge, as quite often the salary colleagues joined the company on will remain the same until they are promoted, which with an outlook of cost cutting means that I'd expect this to continue for the short term. The performance Management framework is geared to rate 98% of colleagues as the same, this means there is no extrinsic reward for working hard / excellence.. Underpaid for the type of role.
Not much progression within the department.. Struggling with digital and trailing the way. no specifically Cons to write. Feeling like just a number in the end. Too much red tape, but they are working to fix that. No/ limited training opportunity 
Do not spend enough on employee growth. Not much progression with the merger. Old fashioned approach to workloads, management prone to favouritism(not including Risk Dept). Some contracts are not secure. Pay scale could be better. No cons to add. I had a great experience working for VM.. Management can play favourites quite often. Poor management, staff used for their gain with little/nothing to show for it. They were bought over by an old fashioned, archaic bank.. Cost cutting with significant downsizing of management. Head office is terrible. Has not yet integrated with CYBG (culture and technology).. Products aren’t very complex and limited digital capabilities. 
The company isn’t the same as it was and are making changes that suit the ‘best of both’ heritages but that’s not quite true. 

Pushing a very operational system/work flow on a team that needs more flexibility and there is no investment in further education or training.. Contracting in size, losing talented people. Slow to change and adapt. Bad training programme and atmosphere toxic. - no career progression / minimal career progression. No real means of progression and you are basically a task drone. staff are no longer trained to help customers, they are told to point customers to an IPad and their own mobile devices to complete applications.. People leave before they complete training even if they stay it's not for long, extend your trial/temp period in excess of a year so uncertainty for the future. Not fair on current staff who sometimes get paid less than new starters. Not enough staff so expect constant calls and angry customers. Poor management tools for customers just check the review of the app slightly over 1 star rating, true reflection of what rating the company should have on here. Management do not listen to staff, some are incredibly rude and unapproachable. Unfair treatment of staff, nicer and helpful staff are kicked to the curb, instead the yes staff even with a clear lack of knowledge and unwillingness to help with a smile are allowed to progress.. Old computer system. Very antiquated.. Quite a pressured working environment to meet targets. Career Progression opportunities if you based in the south as the hq is up north. some old school banking mindsets still persist. CYBG brought an incredible amount of red tape and arrogance. senior management is out of touch - too much focus on theorised change rather than the actual implementation. No discounts or bonus scheme. Challenging deadlines, Long hours expected. Can't think of any cons. Lots of management layers so a simple task can take ages to implement.. . Poor development through the company.
. Slow management decisions (nothing changes) 
. Very underpaid for amount of work.. Canteen food is poor (not much else). Technologies are in need of enhancing. Expection of telesales, middle management. Middle management and above too removed from reality.. Underpaid for the amount of work you do. Job is not so bad but the manager is a fruitcake who makes working there such a bad experience.

Everyone has the same opinion, nobody likes her because of the way she treats her staff.  She makes it obvious she doesn't care about anybody or how they feel and bullies her staff non stop to the point where they need to go and get medication prescribed to help deal with their mental health.

Everybody is looking to get out.. The direction of the company is often not made clear. The company takes a long time to make easy decisions which can be unsettling for staff. Key messages are not always made clear.. Salary not always aligned to retain staff. Unprofessional company to work for , staff bully you! They don’t train you and expect you to do all the work not only that leave you alone on the counter all day whilst they do nothing and complain that they have to help you. Old systems which are always breaking down,  family values that they don’t even follow which mean nothing at the end of the day. Virgin money have plans but unable to execute those “big plans” due to having a lack of support for their staff they are unable to make these working environments better to work in , instead money is spent on other pointless things. I have had so much anxiety since I have started here I have been treated unequal to the others and I have been blamed for everything, however they have given me a lack of guidance and support. the company needs to reevaluate their values as they are losing customers and staff.. There is no cons working here. Different culture since it was taken over by CYB. parking isn't guaranteed, need to book as a visitor each week until you get a permanent bay.. Closing sites and cutting costs. Lack of leadership
Too political
Micro management. Open 7 days. 
Terrible management. 
Rife favouritism. 
Poor communication 
Zero compassion.
Target based sales,. Culture combining two organisations is a challenge and clearly proving difficult
Uncertainty over future operational plans is causing inevitable strain. They changed the recipie of the chicken tikka sandwiches in the canteen.  Literally the worst thing to happen in 2 years.. Bonus is not guaranteed, Hard to work way up in business, who you know not what you know mind set. Since the CYBG acquisition it has really lost its heart. Lip service is being paid to the purpose and values and nobody seems to care about anything other than cost (and not even value)!. Salary doesn't reflect the responsibility. Not laid back, flexible, friendly or open. Personally, everything is harder than it needs to be. Before joining CYBG/Virgin Money I read the reviews on GlassDoor and my gut feeling was this was an "OK" company to work for before accepting the job. Nearly 6 month in my option is still same. In my role, I was sold something completely different to what is reality. There has been alot of changes over the last few months within the bank but the general vibe I hear from people is no one know what there actual job role is vs what was sold to them on the job spec. With the integration programme I would like to assume they would do an overall review of the workforce as it seems like they replace people like for like when they leave rather than assessing if they need to backfill that resource or not.

Few things to call out which dont meet what you are told in the interview. 
The workforce is around 85/15 in favour of contractors, this in itself is dangerous operating model because turn over can/is very high meaning hand overs of hand overs usually get quite messy and key information is missed. 

Also if you get a laptop, you dont have access to WiFi, you need to be connected to a LAN cable all of the time unless you get a RAS token which you can order but you need to fight hard to get one as they cost £200 per person.
 
I think VM are pushing for a more sustainable permanent staffing model hence why you will see alot of jobs being advertised in 2019/20/21 however it's worth noting that the average retention of perm staff is around 18-24 months before they move externally again. 

If you are offered a role at CYBG, use it as a stepping stone to either move up or sideways to move up else where. There is progression internally but you will face the same uphill struggle in other departments.. Poor management and unhealthy working conditions.. CYBG VM merger causing significant disruption. As it’s a big company your voice is lost. Development, training, short corporate memory. Holding carrot on the stick in front of your face. You will never get your bonus lol.... Time off
Poor management skills
Lack of progression. Lots of style but lacks substance.. Office politics at bottom of food chain. Treat like a number, very poor management and organisation.. Lack of development  opportunities for me. Too bureaucratic, slow and conservative.. Not Big on compensation and bonuses. Being taken over Very soon. No training scheme provided
Unprofessional management who don’t take concerns seriously 
Unqualified team leaders. *37.5 hour week (should be 35 or less)
*No company paid Xmas party
*Poor bonus structure as of 2019
*Payscale takes too long to climb (typical rise is £400/£500 per year). - change not welcome
- telling the truth gets you in the doghouse
- middle management don't want to listen
- very little innovation, bare minimum change
- pace of change painfully slow
- us v. them attitude across verticals
- too-big-to-fail attitude, ignoring market trends and future potential. Recent CYBG takeover has felt hostile. Huge culture change with the introduction of a hierarchical structure and atmosphere. These guys do not care about their people!. Long hours 
Low pay. Management not trained to do job so can't  offer much in way of practical help.  Quality of systems/processes made targets difficult to achieve. Very procedural. Tedious and repetitive work.. Poor Salary, Long working hours. Pay, the worst in the banking sector. Top heavy management structure with a lack of support staff.
Issues with legacy IT systems.
Uncertainty due to acquisition of and rebrand to Virgin Money whilst retiring heritage brands.. Antiquated leadership sticking to hierarchies and empires. Pay lip-service to caring for their employees.. Not the best pay around. Virgin Money is one of those companies who believes themselves to be much more important than they actually are. Spouting numerous boasts about innovation and 'customer journeys', the company is in fact hugely outdated and superficially focussed. Instead of pinpointing a product that could actually be useful and competitive in 2019, they prefer to flit from one internal fad to another on an almost daily basis; gushing over travel insurance sales on Monday and pushing for business accounts on Tuesday. There is very little direction in the company, with many employees spending hours upon hours sending self-obsessed emails about how productive they've been or how much they have achieved (most of them fit along the lines of 'I opened a door for a customer and they ended up thanking me - what a relationship we had!') Instead of developing apps or modern incentives to bring in customers, management drag their feet with false promises and half-way houses of compromise (who on earth would want to travel to a physical bank these days to send £5 to their mate's current account?)

Implementing a new 'tracker' or 'staff sales game' (outdated spreadsheets or power points) every shift - it's clear that the company has no clue what it is doing and wastes countless hours on fickle, clunky projects. Many of these 'incentive' based strategies are incredibly patronising and ugly - 'sales = items for a fictional pool party' etc. 

Alongside this, management constantly remind you that we are not in the business of sales - then contradicting themselves 20 minutes later when asking what bolt-ons you were able to push. 

In short, the company is far too focussed on patting themselves on the back and pretending banking is fun and fair. There should be far more support in place from management when it comes to developing or implementing systems, and far less concern with fickle solutions.. Working in a highly regulated industry, the is immense pressure on the work we do. Very bad behaviours, bullying tolerated, unprofessional behaviours tolerated, leadership invisible. Training material is poor, process flows are outdated, systems are in the stone age. Lack of progression opportunities for graduates. Toxic work environment
Limited career progression
Old school management structure
Confusing hectic environment. Poor pay and rewards, shambolic projects and very poor senior management,. nothing really comes to mind. Balance between CB and recently acquired VM all wrong currently. Challenging at times but worth it. Closure of branches , keep local branches open. Pretty much still Northern Rock with VM mask on.. No career progression

Boys club culture where if you didn't fit In your career went nowhere

New reporting line every 6months, as the business doesn't know its requirements. Jobs were being changed and people being moved constantly

Non existent processes and procedures

VM offer attractive products without the resource to facilitate the large customer demands. There are many
> Meetings after meeting with no succesful outcome - I have attended meetings where a critical issue/blocker has been discussed for months with no end result
> Many difficult personalities, particularly Senior Managers keen to be responsible for nothing but hold others to account
> Over reliance on 3rd parties for implementation of key infrastructure
> Ignoring the advice of consultants, often after months of engagement and use of internal resource
> Blatant occurences of bullying, which bizarrely sees those impacted pushed out and the bully promoted.
> Far too much of internal resources tied up in integration work
> Too many people promoted well beyond their experience, eg individuals promoted into Business Change Leads / Senior Analyst roles with very limited or no previous project experience but leading teams with many years experience in project delivery and subject matter experts, then ignoring advice provided. This means relying on the information supplied by analysts rather than their BCLs / SBAs as the information is otherwise poor or inaccurate
> Agile Delivery is anything but, rather it's a production line, with many individuals waiting for the next piece of work and doing nothing in the meantime, sometimes for days. Individuals are recruited based on extensive Agile experience, then asked to use a form of Agile unique to CYBG and which relies on managers to specify how and when work is done, rather than the team delivering
>Say you have the option to work from home, but this is removed or blocked at every opportunity. No real explanation of benefits- had to figure out myself.. Salary if internal promotion was a standard %. Career pathways are limited for progression into management.. Some really bad indentured teams who refuse to change. Salaries are at the bottom of the market. Can't decide on an effective business plan. Constantly changing their focuses and generally using outdated systems.. Travelling distance to work. Lack of leadership direction from senior management.. Poor leadership
Institutional knowledge valued over people skills
Process-laden. complaint logging system tedious and systems are out of date.. Saturday working for some people. Middle and senior management/other departments tend not to support branches and it's unfair. 
Target driven. 
Lots of reactive management by people not based in branches
Lots of management. Everywhere. 
Unpaid and unrewarded overtime expected.. Some processes are slow and dated.. Extremely Uninspiring Management
Fear Based Culture
Negative Environment
Very Disorganized Internally. Doesn't know how to be a bank wish employees where treat the same as customers never enough staff under pressure you will end up with a health problem. can become exhausting and repetitive answering same type of calls everyday. Lower than average salary compared to others. No progression unless you brown nose. Negative atmosphere, unprofessional attitudes, drinking culture, nobody actually knows what they are doing. No recognition for jobs well done. Business changes direction more than people change their socks. Calls are called downloads, which shows the one way nature of this business. You will have zero input. Performance reviews are a waste of time. Management are told how to rate their staff with little explanation.. All about the numbers to please the bosses, no care about the people. Can’t name any so far and don’t feel like there will be. Limited career progression in current role. - Told lies in interview about what the job entails
- Different wages for doing the same job and no movement in this. 
- A lot of pressure from senior staff gets passed down to you. 
- Same as all call centres, you’re just another number and easily replaceable. 
- Nearly impossible to get holidays. Overworked, underpaid. Do not pay anywhere close to market reference. Very bad policies on pay rises/bonuses. Management (senior leadership team) are extremely selfish and have their head in the clouds. A huge culture of doing what pleases the big bosses and ‘lying/fudging figures’ to keep them happy. Workers lower down are left to deal with the brunt, with lots of pressure to keep things going even with low staff numbers. Everything is driven around cost cutting and no concern about the real life impact of this on day to day operations.. A fair bit of uncertainty around job security at present given the announcement of job losses at the time of the virgin acquisition. Managers stuck in the past
Don’t live the values. Career progression minimal, cross department development teams. No cons that I know of. Training before doing processes could be better. A large number of management who are just out for themselves and don't care who they step on.
Lip service paid to the EBO ethos but behind the scenes no investment in basic facilities for staff.
Company being run into the ground with no investment going back in and senior management only interested in hitting profit targets that are set too high in order to satisfy share holders.
CEO expects the red carpet rolled out whenever she appears and no expense spared where she is concerned but staff have to make do with broken, worn out and damaged equipment to try and do their jobs because of the continual 'budget challenge'.. how many horrid people can you fit in one room? record broken! ... I'm going to call up Guiness book of records because this pack of beauties need to be recognised. Amazing! .... Everything other than the benefits.  Nothing like a Virgin company. Talk a good game but rife with bullying and discrimination. Culture of fear.. lack of support staff and a glacially slow ability to hire staff. Stores/branches offer little progression and are often left poorly staffed.
Contrary to the public image, the bank is currently very much about sales and commercial performance measures.. No transparency, hierarchy in the team that push you to be like a machine.. Poor facilities, 'hot desking' and nightshift means you can't leave belongings on your desk, outdated IT systems and old laptops. Seems to be a lot of movement, redundancy and leavers whilst continually recruiting.. Processes lag miles behind other banks - what should take minutes can take days.
Managers do not listen to feedback or suggestions on how to improve the processes.
Unrealistic expectations on staff.
Managers promote based on popularity rather than merit
Training is non-existent.
No real career progression opportunities.. Unsure of job stability. Branson bought a business on the cheap, Subsidised buy tax payers money. Walked away with the CEO after less than ten years making hundreds of millions of pounds. What did they do? Stick the Virgin name on the front of a failed bank and installed a coffee machine. Up the ISA rates to attract customers before very quietly disappearing back to necker island after the sale for a jolly good laugh at everyone.. - Split location between Leeds/Glasgow. not treated valued and replaceable. All up in the air at the moment with the takeover.. Some system upgrades are required.. Disjointed. Low morale. Approaches change too quickly to reap effectiveness/efficiency rewards. Managers not pulling in same direction.. Work / Life balance is advertised, but if you have children do not apply to the company as you will be forced to but work before family - even the HR department agrees the managers ignore the rules as they get awarded for colleagues being at work.

Their sickness  rules forces you call in everyday, so when you are ill you have to crawl out of bed on multiple days instead of just once. Colleagues are constantly being placed on PIPs (report) for being sick more than three times in a year - for a example a female colleague lost her parent, had flu and morning sickness in one year and lost out on a bonus.

The managers have no idea what a non-managers does, ask them a question and you are passed off to a knowledgable colleague.

VM’s rating system rewards selfishness - colleagues that help customers and colleagues are been constantly been told off for wasting time.
Whilst a colleague that closes tasks (incorrectly) and passes them on will be rewarded as they have high productivity.

Managers and TLs constantly reward colleagues who “faces fit”, even to a point that their family members are favoured over more experienced and worthwhile colleagues.

I could list more, but read the other reviews that rate the company at 1/2 will agree and expand on my criticisms.. Please do not be fooled by being sweet talked on how this is the most fantastic opportunity working here.

Poorest/virtually zero training.
No support.
Bullying mentality.
Do not follow employers duty of care.
Micromanaged.
Do not recognise contributions or reward efforts.
Fear and manage employees out the door who speak up for themselves.
Fail to develop people skills.
Don’t honour commitments.
Hire and promote wrong people. (hire anyone who interviews to fill roles ASAP, promotions given to under qualified/experienced staff who are friends with management outside the work place) 
Let work flow leaders speak to other staff members in a vile manor and act as if they are front line managers.
Managers do not care or stick up for their staff.
Lack of empathy from management.
The pressure set on Case managers every day is immense, expected to over work everyday with no reward.

Numerous people leaving/sick due to all of the above, hence the extensive turnover they have here. I am not posting this to slate Clydesdale however, for those being sold the dream of working here.. Staff poorly paid fro the work they do compared to other banks. Leadership and lack of transparency. it paid very very less. Too many dishes non stop its terrible a bank where you wash plates. Too focused on shareholder value and not the people in the organisation.  Some poor senior management and lacking career progression.  One senior manager runs department by fear.. Bullying, sexism, racism, no incentive to hide bigotry as it is mostly seen as a joke by management. Need to have a thick skin to work there, but I'm not sure it's worse than anywhere else.. Managers are lazy. Essentially you are a cleaner not a lounge host and training is nearly none existent. Worst place I have ever worked.. Uncertainty with regard to job roles.. Too many to share here. Some archaic systems and laborious policies and procedures can make simple  tasks seem difficult at times.  Currently going through a programme of cost cutting so redundancies are rife and staff left behind having to pick up the slack.. Benefits are very very very bad. Salary is very low with bonuses only given to few people as not all employees can have them... 
management is very poor and headoffice is even worse. 
No progression at all. They know who they want on the roll before they put out the vacancie. Everything is ‘virgin values’ but employees are treated like scum.. Still a bit old school in banking however getting there. Strict working guidelines, difficult to implement anything. - Encouraged to have no work life balance. 
- I was told my contract was ending within 2 weeks. 
- All talk, little walk. 
- Too many senior managers with zero experience outside of CYB.. Pay progression and reward scheme is unfair and a system of forced ranking in place. Remuneration does not fall in line with inflation or cost of living and it doesnt seem to matter how hard you work or which objectives you hit.
There is little in the way of strategic direction from the board, all of whom seem far too comfortable deciving colleugues and dangling carrots while creaming the lions share of the profits. 
A disorganised and chaotic atmosphere ensues throughout. Technology is aincient with terms such as "mainframe" and "cobol" being commonplace. Much of the infrastructure is way overdue for replacement with end of life software and hardware all over the place and unaccounted for. In my opinion this is down to the caliber of tech support support staff and managers which I've found particularly poor, by far the worst I've ever experienced in my career. 
The working environment and facilities are just awful too. I've lost count of how many times I've had to report the smell of raw sewage and lack of proper ventilation. 

In short - Don't be fooled by the posh facade. No need to look much further past the pretty reception and meeting rooms to uncover the nightmare of a lingering 20th century hangover.. The culture is ingrained and hard to change, new ways of working will take decades to come to fruition. Too many old school people at junior grades who know how to do the bare minimum to keep the wheels turning and know how to play the system to not be pushed out. Staff are fed up and wanting change but change isn’t happening in the right direction. Too many seniors who don’t know what good looks like in other companies so won’t change.. Senior management free to "robustly appraise" people they don't like and appoint friends, union inundated with appraisal complaints but powerless to protect the workers and incompetent at negotiating they completely missed removal of the link  to APR,  just ask unite how many people are on sick leave, around a third don't get any annual salary increase which you need without an annual catch up with inflation. After a few years of this you are seriously down compared to when you joined if you are not a very  high performer or otherwise in a  "clique"   You are forced on a curve that management say is not there. People who have been there for 10-20 years are regularly told they are not meeting what is expected. People are frightened and depressed.   The CEO makes people jump and they ignore the rules to force through pet projects, really not good in a bank! No wonder the share price is depressed and the glass door score is appalling.  Do not come here if if you have an alternative, your family will thank you.    I have scored culture and values as 1 because it is propaganda, just pick any long term junior member of staff and ask them the question
 "in employment terms, what is behind the shiny facade?"  
And
"if you had an alternative would you leave, all other things being equal". Worst place ever to work, no one is willing to help you and then you get the blame for not completing the task.. - Very poor morale around the place
- Bullying culture from management down
- Racist/sexist/homophobic comments on a daily basis. If your face fits you are okay.  Bonus structure is rubbish.  How can someone who doesn't know you take part in a group discussion as to whether or not you will get a bonus. Staff in stores are kept to a minimum.. A virgin company in name only. Very low salary. Divisive bonus scheme where only 50% of people get anything. I realised within days what a huge mistake I’d made moving there. 
Other than one or two people the place was stocked with an odd bunch.
Antiquated and massively time consuming systems. No ability to implement change of any kind. Just what you’d imagine if you thought about a boring bank environment. I was lucky enough to get out fairly quickly.. staff benefit eg. salary not too much compare to current market. Whispering, management talking behind back, feel that if you are good then they take your ideas use as own. Immature managers, very your face fits atmosphere. Sadly, managenent remains in the dark-ages. They are self-interested. They only care about their own appearance in front of their own leaders. They call themselves People Leaders. But they are not. They aren't supportive of their staff and this is demonstrated by the disappearance of anybody who tries to do the right thing by their team.  They are obsessed with hierarchy and strict observance of 'the channels of authority and responsibility'. But that is just a tool through which they control staff and ensure their inadequacy never makes it's way above them. Anybody who speaks up or passes an opinion might as well leave.  It is a place for people who work quietly and never challenge.  There have been numerous complaints of bullying by the senior staff at the Head Office and nothing seems to be done about it - in fact it seems the bullies are rewarded.  Unless you like working in that kind of environment, your days will be numbered.. Racist and homophobic culture coming from senior management down, management cliques mean nothing will change. HR is a joke. Job security is non existent - staff churn is high.. Inexperienced management in some areas, operates based on favouritism rather than a meritocracy and poor behaviours at the senior management level are not addressed. Pay is very low for the work and expertise expected in certain roles.. working tasks are timed so can't provide great service to customers as must account for why tasks taking too long to complete.
Egotistical Managers who let power go to their heads.
Too much red tape, staff are barely able to give any leeway on procedures, yet to resolve any issues caused by this Managers or complaints team can just override this leaving staff sounding incompetent at times when already told by said managers not to deviate.. Still some historic processes used from previous bank - though may be different now a few years on. Restructure caused employee dissatisfaction.. Very negative, subdued and toxic atmosphere, bullying by team managers, blatant favouritism. This isn’t a Virgin department, it’s Northern Rock and that is a bad thing believe me. Inability to train new advisers, huge staff turnaround, and those remaining deeply unhappy. All whilst the incompetent managers blather on about ‘heartfelt service’ whilst ignoring the desperately overworked and unhappy staff.. Management, especially at the team leader level, can be very poor. This is part of a bigger problem that the company have with legacy staff, some of whom were promoted to team leader level or higher during Northern Rock's boom times with little regard for whether they were qualified to do the job. This has left a lot of people either in roles they really aren't any good at, or being paid their old management-level wage despite now being back in an entry-level job.

Another related problem is the 'cliquey' nature of the company, especially in the Processing departments where I worked. If you're quiet, a bit of an introvert, don't work copious amounts of overtime, or don't constantly toe the company line, then you'll have a hard time progressing or even getting listened to, no matter your achievements or ideas. If you've got the gift of the gab or are friendly with the managers, then you can get yourself heard (and promoted) no problem. Time and time again people seemed to be given jobs based purely on how much overtime they could work or how popular they were, with factors such as past performance or competence ignored.

This is of course true of many other companies, but in a bank that professes to be different than the others and open to new ideas, they really should be doing something to tackle this culture. Sadly in the years I worked there, I saw no change in this area, not helped by the legacy staff issues (with lots of old school thinking) mentioned above.

Despite moves to improve the IT infrastructure in the last year, the software in most areas is woefully out of date. Up until 2016, many computers were still running Office 97, and the main mortgage processing software dates from 15-20 years ago. A large number of processes are still very manual, leading to some boring and repetitive roles if you're unlucky. Having seen the internal IT, I am not at all surprised that VM are well behind other banks when it comes to online banking.

One other thing, if you have expectations of a vaguely 21st-century social environment in the workplace, the Processing departments probably aren't for you. They may have a majority of female team leaders, but the conduct of some of the men would've got them fired long ago from more modern companies, and many of the women seem quite happy in their role as the butt of all manner of Bernard Manning style 'jokes'.. One manager took an immediate dislike to me and as such I felt like I was dealing with unreasonable expectations and it caused me too much pressure. A shame as I feel like it could have been a real long term career.. Branches can be quiet most time. I Worked in the Direct area within Mortgage Processing. An extremely Toxic, negative department. 
My first week as a new employee told me everything I needed to know. No actual Training, just listening and observing established advisors which was to be followed by "On The Job Training". Disgraceful for a company this size. 
The biggest problem though was the complete lack of support from the "managers" in this area. Disengaged and toxic people offering zero support, zero empathy, and zero managerial and people skills. The worst managers in my 20 years of working, just plain terrible.  
All I can say is avoid working in Direct Mortgage Processing, I do not wish to be negative about Virgin Money as a whole, just this department.
Mr Branson would be appalled.. Initial starting salary can be low. while things are modernising fast there are still quite a lot of parts of the bank that need to change.  There is loads of progress, but it can be frustrating.. Little opportunity to progress as due to a small team there a limited amount of roles to be taken unless you willing to travel. There is travel required where you have to cover other areas of the business at short notice. If you want a quiet 9 to 5 job don't work here. add new skills but no pay rise. legacy process's that you will either love or not. Like all well controlled financial services organisations there is not always as much empowerment of staff as there might be .... - Stone Age computer systems
- They don't listen to what the customer wants... Online banking!
- Pretends they don't sell to customers and that employees don't have targets, but managers push you to sell everything under the sun and you get into trouble if you don't push for 'targets'
- A lot of the store managers are stuck in the Northern Rock mindset
- Got told I would only be working 1 in 4 Saturdays each month, (the reason why I took the job so that I could have a better work life balance), in reality I ended up having one Saturday off roughly every two months.. No face to face contact for customers. Outdated computer systems and paperwork duplication.. Nothing to complain bout great company. Fakery, lies, double standards, and selfishness abounds. Upper management are appalling, and the CEO runs a dictatorship which is holding back the company greatly.

Contracted hours mean NOTHING, and quite honestly, working the non-mandatory (but really mandatory) extra hours on a daily basis is modern day slavery since these people do not get paid for this! Very, very rarely do they get time in lieu.

Also, please note that there are some very suspicious reviews on this site and others, so please beware. And don't forget that 1 star is the lowest that can be awarded, not 0 stars unfortunately. So many cliques within the group. Mis-management. Preferential treatment for certain people.. They just don't provide the resource to deliver. Most people are working long hours to deliver the BAU, which leaves little or no time to deliver the stuff that will take the company forward. It's not a capability gap (people I worked with were all fairly capable, no real deadwood), or a lack of desire to drive the business forward, just simply hours in the day.

Come here to lean new and varied skills, meet interesting people. Try not to burn out / make allowances for the occasional fireworks from otherwise solid folk whose fuses have burnt low.. Inflexible work practices, some senior management with very poor people skills.. Completely crazy CEO who hires and fires on a whim. Many of the board have been with the company since it was tiny and have absolutely no idea how to run a larger organisation. For a company that calls itself a "digital bank", investment in IT modernisation is miniscule.. Not great progression, management needs to improve.. Ultimately, there is 1 agenda that overrides all others, and that is the CEO's. You can probably say that about a lot of businesses, but sometimes decisions are taken purely to promote the profile of the CEO, not the business. 

They seem to be on a mission to become RBS - too many senior roles recruited externally are given to RBS people - which in itself isn't an issue as they are often experienced and intelligent, however culturally it is a major jolt as their approach and style is poles apart from the essence of Virgin.. Huge bureaucracy and little support.. The process of getting certain mandatory confirmations/approvals were tedious. None to speak of at all. Poor Senior Management.  Several Managers who#ve been there for years and certainly couldn't cut it elsewhere at the same level.
Several redundancies on the way.. Awfully slow + outdated systems to work with.

They've promoted staff into managerial positions, yet those people aren't suitable for type of role. Some stores have managers in place who are lazy + expect the customer assistants to do everything + don't bother helping out the team when needed. 

Not paid enough for the role + have to work every other Saturday {9-1} as well as Monday to Friday {9-5}. 

The job is repetitive as a customer assistant. You have to do the same tasks on a daily basis, so it becomes tiresome after a while.. Miserable atmosphere caused by gang of ex northern rock staff, circle of incompetent miserable middle aged women generally being rude and very difficult to work with.  Non existent bonus, terrible working hours of very late shifts followed by very early starts. No work life balance, Branson would be ashamed.....Avoid, avoid, avoid.. If your face fits culture!  If your a yes person.. The IT Department, although very busy, take far too long in order to process basic requests. The start-up for new starters is slow and laborious, meaning the opening two weeks of employment are disengaging and tedious, as there are often long waits for basic software and system access.. Crazy management don't appreciate the business. Lots of targets which are hard to fulfill. Virgin Money seems to have forgot where it came from and needs to return to its roots. Sometimes EBE is a lip service rather than a differential that makes them different. A refusal by existing senior management to acknowledge that they are capable of doing anything wrong has a large number of staff disengaged and demotivated. A prime example of this is the recent flurry of positive reviews on this site ordered by senior management to chosen 'yes men' to hide the embarrassing truth and the damage to the almighty brand.
Persistent cost cutting to ensure Executive bonuses has staff levels threadbare, overworked and exhausted. Choosing a Royal family backed charity to help with the CEO's quest for a gong is ironic in that the company creates poor mental health cases by the bucket-load. 
A dictatorship in that if anyone has the temerity to inform the CEO that she is wrong they are out the door, especially when it comes to telling her that her bonus is non-EBO! 
Don't believe the lies - STAY WELL AWAY.. None I can think of. To many systems, to many logins 
People work in silos 
Out of hours work is expected 
Inconsistnent flexible working 
Stretched resource 
Red tape and governance is long. A hugely busy company with big ambitions therefore long hours aren't unusual which aren't always recognised by management. A lot of different initiatives that are in train but not always well communicated. Nothing that i would say is a negative. Some times it is 'this needs doing, so we just have to get it done' and there may not be the recognition sometimes, just expectation that it should be done.

Bottle necks in terms of sign offs and loads of last minute changes which can be annoying.. The cons is that VM is still a small fish amongst the big banks. A lot of the times the Virgin brand is bigger than the bank and often customers have expectations that we can change the world not realising how small the company is.. Governance and approval processes can feel heavyweight at times, probably due to the history of growing very quickly and the memory of what happened to Northern Rock - which is essentially what this business is.. Everyone always wants more money for the job they do however salary is independently bench marked across all financial institutions to ensure fair. Some of the managers are old Northern Rock staff and very clicky. Smaller size and sometimes to many veteran(old school) people. 
Needs more career progression options and progress. No progression after a certain time.. Make you feel worthwhile and important. Too many changes, too much micro management. Became quite boring.. Lots of experienced staff have left recently so there is real knowledge gaps in some area. Change seems to always take longer than it should but pace is increasing. Costs are way too high and have seen board pay rocket but wave after wave of cuts is hitting workers. Pay below the average rate. The speed of change is measured in epochs rather than months. The hoops you have to jump through to get an email sent out are ridiculous. Continual time wasting, micro management and waiting around for planets to line up before action can be taken. If only the organisation processes were as efficient as that which involves cancelling a bonus things might actually happen.. currently losing the personal touch it was known for. Still learning to be a FTSE business, the balance between being nimble and the need for sign off still needs work. The response to challenges is often just internal PR which is disappointing and a bit insulting at times. There're some personalities who are power hungry terrorists - only a couple, and you find them in any business, but they seem to be encouraged, oddly.. Your face has to fit. There is no such thing as meritocracy. Senior management are living in a dreamworld and only care about their bonus. Sometimes understaffing was an issue which put great pressure on all staff members.. Could present more of an internal career development pathway e.g. in house funded qualifications. Full of people working to their own agenda, in silos.
No 'team player' attitude amongst many people.
Far too many governance committees on one hand then expecting sign-off on things after a couple hours review at others.
Several members of senior management in Edinburgh at the time (many still there) had a personality bypass and no clue how to manage staff.. bad management and a lack of executive support leaves this organisation with poor security resources.. Poorly led, poor strategic direction. Expensive food, not much of a social life, unfair procedures.. Under invested.   Management only interested in protecting own jobs, will not escalate resource & customer service issues, in case looks bad on them. Need to be more honest & ability to back their beliefs.   Was about getting into own little clubs / boys network.  If you also supported wrong football team, you did not get in the "club".. Managers - especially women are generally psychopaths... And especially to other women. 

Backwards typical 80's bank culture which has no way of growing. This is a problem from top down, even with recent management changes. 

It's more about who you know over what you know- very disgraceful and they treat employees in an embarrassing manner. 

Also, they are racist beyond belief, it comes with the backward mentality of the narrow minded older people that they retain... 
No wonder they have a problem reaching out to younger generations.

Was my first job out of uni, I ended up with horrible and ungrateful managers, they treated me so badly that I almost got my contacts for national papers involved. 
My manager was a bully, and tried her hardest to shred my confidence apart because I got on with the team and the team hated her. She made out nothing I did was good enough but then always gave me more to do. 
Being on the grad scheme you would want to get involved with the team, but she just made me do her work for her- which she made up as she went along. She got HR involved and got a minute taker in every meeting to cover her own back. She was vile and toxic. But she prepared me on how to handle encounters with psychos.. Lack of available funds to keep up with the big competitors. Not the most competitive in pay rates, more than made up for by the culture. Many departments appear to be managed by"clubs" of managers who protect each other in order to maintain a certain way - some managers do not appear to be qualified for their positions. Additionally, unwritten rules, including topics such as how many hours extra each week you should be doing (unpaid) is keeping the company in the past.. Lack of accountability and technology requires investment.. No clear IT strategy. At all.
Too many people without a clue, but with a vote.
Far too much command & control. Crusty old offices, a little blinkered. Career potential might be limited if not based in or not prepared to travel to Scotland or north of England. Although they said you were able to voice your opinion, if you did you were deemed to be a trouble maker. Unfair end of year reviews as they were only allowed to give a certain percentage of bonuses, so a pointless exercise. No work life balance, lots of late shifts per week, and often early start straight after. More bothered about picking up calls than making sure notes typed up correctly. Too many stats, even the total time in a day you put customers on hold was looked into! Staff very demotivated and it was all about if your face fits. The way some management think they can speak to staff is horrendous. If they concentrated on the staff as much as they do on the brand name then it would maybe be OK. That is never going to happen though. If you want to be be stressed and miserable then go for it! Very pleased I left.. Very little, similar to many Banking platforms there's always room to develop and push boundaries. Some terrible management, the worst I’ve ever experienced.
Really awful blame culture with some extremely bad behaviour from some colleagues and senior members of staff.
Long hours expected but not rewarded
Not everyone is given training opportunities. none I can think of. People don't really want to help new employees, management say one thing and are not really connected to the ordinary employees. If your face fits then you're fine otherwise forget it. I've highlighted some key ones.

Horrible culture. The way some people treat and speak to one another is horrendous. This is known to mgmt and HR but no proper course of action has been taken to safe-guard people.

Terrible work-life-balance. It's typical for colleagues in my dept to work an extra 10-30 additional hours per week and for those who don't, be prepared to discuss this in your one-to-ones and performance reviews as an area for improvement. Honestly I've known contractors to work 60-70 hours per week and be told it's not enough.Working from home is a waste of time too because you get bombarded with irrelevant phone calls and tasks, due to a lack of trust.. Bullying abounds and although the business knows it goes on they continue to shore up the senior exec staff who are the source. Everyone is terrified to have an opinion especially if it is different to senior level staff.  Micro management for certain things and kept in the dark for others. Remuneration packages are poor in comparison to other banks. If you value your sanity do not work here. Toxic! Schizophrenic exec and leadership. Cant make decisions and stick to them. Governance beyond belief. Favouritism abounds. Project team couldn't deliver a letter without multiple committees approval. Ridiculous. Glad I left. There is a great life outside of VM. Try it!. The pay was at the lower end of market rate, with little scope of out of band adjustment. Some travel was required.  Very limited funding avaliable for required project work. Style over substance. As long as the brand image is alright, anything else can get stuffed, particularly staff. If you fancy being overworked, understaffed and stressed to the point of suffering hairloss in your 20's, go for it.. I joined the company with high hopes, however it has lurched from one disaster to another. 

There are far to many layers of management, most of which have been here for so long they are unwilling to change with the times. 
I work in a team of 10, 4 of which are managers. Each with their own agenda and little patch to defend.
They are only interested in justifying their own existence and trying to insulate themselves from any potential problems.

Some managers use fear and bullying tactics to get their own way.
Verbal abuse and threats of dismissal or loss of bonus are common.

I was promised flexible working, work from home, training both on the job and formal, none of these have ever materialised. 

Staff turnover is a serious problem, I have been here 2 years and am now the longest serving member of staff.

The IT systems are beyond useless, only the hard work of colleagues keeps the place running.. Management heavy
Meetings to look busy
Disorganised
Extremely behind (technology wise)
Outdated systems and computers
No tools to correctly do your job
Contractor heavy
Little staff upskilling
Poor management 

Everything in CB moves extremely slowly.  From projects I have had visibility of, they appear to be poorly planned and managed.  Managers seem to be hired more for their ability to use 'manager speak' rather than to successfully manage a team. Multiple 3-4 hour daily meetings are the norm in a place where endlessly discussing the same issues rather than tackling the problem is gospel.  
'This is the way it's always been done' is something you will hear extremely frequently if you decide to accept a job at CB.. Its easy to get drawn into long hours and obsessing about projects due to the way in which they are managed, although this is changing albeit slowly and the team I worked in is traditionally the end of the project process which doesn't help.

Culture and values are sometimes misleading/confusing, for example be safe does seems to contradict (do) business unusual.. Bullying is prevalent but disguised by incompetent management staff.. Minimum resource means you are tearing your hair out most days.  Forget lunch hours and be prepared to work long hours often from home to keep up.. None that I can think of.. IT equipment is outdated but hopefully will be better once updated.  Too many managers and you don't really see them or know what they do. In some areas some of the previous NR staff are quite demotivated due to lack of progression opportunities in their jobs. More help and support could be offered. Objectives and ratings  need to be fairer and actually based on merit and not statistics.. Early days were brilliant but things started to change when the company took over Northern Rock and the same buzz was no longer there.. Team leaders constantly going on about team members' attitudes. If you tried to voice your opinion you were always made to feel that you were rocking the boat. 
Team leaders were often away from their desks a lot of the time but never advised any team members where they were going to be and for how long, so if anyone came looking for them nobody could say where they were. (GWG).
Computers were old and software programmes were known to crash quite regularly which made it difficult to get your job done in the time parameters that were set. 
If you "butted heads" with a team member/ team leader, you were made to feel like you were the problem and that other management knew about it even though things like this were supposed to be kept private. 
Management made you feel bad if you chose not to take part in prize draw meetings or anything of that nature.. Far too many layers of management with many people leaders seemingly adding little value yet feeling the need to justify their roles. Senior management can be inflexible and unaware of grass roots issues with clients and staff (and many prefer to avoid such issues). Whilst newer staff benefit from better compensation (compared to longstanding staff) long-held, entrenched views of management can make it difficult to become "accepted".  Limited career opportunities.. There are already some great summaries on here, my view would be that there is something wrong with the place. 

Absolutely no focus on getting the basic things right, investment goes on the CEO's vanity projects and not on fixing the things that cause customers and colleagues so many problems.

Newly appointed Executives are dumping their shares at the earliest point possible, this does not breed confidence. 

There are huge issues with legacy salaries which means that the guy sat next to you could be earning twice your salary to do the same job - not very motivational. On top of this last year's profits were up but bonuses were down and the exec team were too gutless to explain why. 

A great number of the Senior Management team are incompetent or totally corrupt. Luckily for the female managers who fall in to these categories, the CEO has set targets on women in senior positions so they are now untouchable. 

Doing the right thing and putting your hand up when something goes wrong puts you in a position of weakness so it's best to cover your backside or blame somebody else. What a great culture. 

I'm not sure how the place is getting away with it. Something will go wrong soon.. Where to start.....following the acquisition or northern rock the employees were on such a high and excited to move forward and have some investment!  Well why a joke Birgin have not invested in any significant change to any systems and the all changes actually undertaken have been regulatory and risk related to avoid fines that's it! Every year it's the same old age process! It's a joke!

There are a couple of executives who are trying to build something different, however they are simply out numbered and have to fight triple hard to do the simplest of things whilst the rest of the executives and director team throw stones at them!  The executives who matter lose the will eventually and leave this has certainly been the case recently and then they have promoted the terrorist executives into night roles having responsibility for large benumbed of colleagues these directors where masks - every day claiming to staff that they want to make customers love is when what they actually mean is that they want to make the CEO love them!

In my time I have seen some really corrupt practices working at a senior level I have seen career blocking, favouring favourite colleagues who seem to be signify fly exceeding every year for kissing up to the directors! That's how you survive at this company otherwise you dare to have your own mind and opinion and you get victimised or you royalty is questioned!  I know that all the good people here will leave eventually as they get worn down by it all!  All fur coat and no knickers indeed, a CEO who is hated by 75% of the workforce and a director team who operate without integrity for own gains!  They bang on about Making our Customers love us but in my view perhaps they should start with the people first ! This company does not live up to the sign on the door and should be ashamed of there poor practices - I don't often right reviews like this believe me but if you are thinking of working here please consider the reviews on here carefully! The y'all speak the truth!. Salaries haven't kept pace with the going rate, constant change and banking crisis. 5:30 finish, 5 would be maybe better. Certain areas feel that that they are being managed by the wrong people, who are simply in the job due to length of service.. Always short staff, sometimes more than 6 months, you do 3 roles or even more for the salary of only 1 role, very stressful environment, managers not qualified to manage a bank, HO & CEO  want to run before they can walk, A bank which look after its customers but not its employees, working there mostly ends by resignation or getting mental problem.. Poor decision making, bureaucracy, lack of strategy and focus. A constant attempt to brain wash you with the Virgin culture.  Some people will love it, some just don't get it.

An antiquated performance management and bonus system which has a happy knack of alienating just about everyone.

A CEO who seems to care more about women's rights than running a company.

The company want people who say yes, they don't want people who may challenge management.

Salary and career prospects are poor.. Belittling of staff, no progression, pay is way below company standards constant hassle little rewards lazy higher staff paid at least 4 x more with not a clue how much miserable staff are! Pulled like a strech Armstrong and handed a disciplines for the simplest mistakes!. The top team is paid very well despite being absolutely incompetent. The bank keeps hiring Commercial Head, COO, etc from RBS, a disaster of a bank and they all become the CEO's yes men very quickly or do not survive for too long. The ones who stay will get very rich while the people who work hard get minimal wage rises and negligible bonuses and have poor long term prospects in the bank. 

But there have been many departures at the senior levels recently and it will continue until there is a change at the top. The CEO talks the talk but has no understanding of the business or market and screams and shouts at people who are unfortunate enough to get in front of her. In public, her persona is all honey and sugar but in reality, she is downright nasty to her direct reports and others who meet her in various forums. She talks a lot about EBO but it just is a warm and fuzzy term for PR purposes that means absolutely nothing other than Executives Better Off as another reviewer mentioned. Things have become worse after the IPO and CEO panic around share price creates regular havoc with day to day running of the business.

There is no investment in infrastructure and systems that will help this bank stand out. Most of the computers still run on Windows XP and the mortgage platform dates back to the pre crisis Northern Rock era. Processes are manual and antiquated.

Branson can write articles and posts on LinkedIn etc about value of employees and people and its importance but it is all lip service and the reality is complete opposite. Everyone is afraid to speak out. Branson visits the bank once in year and it is just a selfie opportunity for people.. Very long recruitment process and feedback after interview. Changed minds about job offer without explanation which came across as shambolic and disorganised.  Totally unprofessional although they were not a first choice in any case given than they came across as very hierarchical and insecure during the interview process.  Having read the reviews on here should have stayed clear - a relief to be saved from actually having to deal further with this cagey outfit.. No prospects and poor pay. No career progression in the branches.  Saturday working is every other Saturday and is included in your wage - No overtime pay.  A bit like a headless chicken when it comes to leadership.  The new initiatives come thick and fast and with little forethought.  The stores are run with very low staff numbers so getting time off is a battle.. Overly complicated company structure, unclear reporting lines (I have 4 managers).
Very high workload, contracted for 35hrs but expected to do 50hrs each and every week just to tread water.
Little reward or recognition
There is a culture of blame, the higher you go the less likely they are to except outstanding and historical issues.
There is a lot of dead wood in the company, people who have been there for 10/15/20 years doing the same job, the same way with no desire to drag the company into the 21st century. Still very small, and processes are still being refined. Everything! The CEO and Management Team are awful, disingenuous people that are out for themselves, have no compassion or humanity for real people and are hiding behind the Virgin brand and a whole load of bullsh*t messages that they don't even try to live up to. 

I can't believe it hasn't hit the fan there yet to be honest, and that's only because there's a culture of genuine fear of expressing or even holding in secret, a negative opinion of the place.. Where to start? No work life balance. This company takes the virgin brand and shows it for what it really is: all style no substance. 

Shareholders are taking their money and running, so are the staff! If you worked there you'd see the stuff that goes on that the public never see, really shady stuff. In fact, how some of the things don't make it to the public eye seems a little bit sinister to me.

There is no strategy nor direction. This is because the CEO is too busy with her own ego (being a celebrity and all) to care too much about the success of the company beyond the glorious shareholders. Also, there is no flexibility in the company structure because the CEO runs the company like a middle manager would, not like a CEO. Fred the Shred's right hand woman indeed.

As for the pay, well it's ok if you can negotiate a good salary on joining the company or are a contractor. But if you're a long serving member of staff or don't have another bank (RBS) on your cv then you may as well resign yourself to 1% payrises if you outperform. None if you don't.

Don't believe the hype if you're thinking about joining as a career. Speak to people who've worked there, and read reviews! I see other review sites have glowing reviews, however I'd advise caution, these are likely to be shills as VM has a dedicated team who are in charge of 'external communications' (pr) and actively review their own company. See for yourself, they are usually on employment agency websites.

Formerly working in an area that influenced the short and long term business aims, I can see that this company is really on a knifedge, however knowing the brand it will probably end up ok because the public lap it up (amazing pr).

I wish I could say more, but I really don't have the strength anymore, this is such a letdown of a company. Hard work not fairl treatment if you want to complain. The union is hopeless. Mirroring what other reviewers have said, if your face fits, you play the game, and you have RBS as a previous employer, you might actually have an opportunity. Otherwise, you are pushed from pillar to post, treated abysmally and given little option but to get on with it. 

The HR department have no integrity, going straight to management regarding colleagues concerns. 

The management are excellent at working with HR to orchestrate roles, interviews, job changes, all to suit the main objective which seems to be employing as many of their friends from former employment as possible. 

The change function is a joke, and is seen as an ironic name for a department so wrapped in it's own importance it fails to address underlying issues with colleague engagement (which by the way is being taken out for a single beer, two weeks before engagement surveys come out) poor infrastructure, lacking technology upgrades and with seven different layers of management. 

Poor colleague morale in most lower graded departments, particularly Operations and IT. 

Little opportunity for promotions - poor career paths etc. 

Being truthful and pragmatic is generally frowned upon.. Management hubris is often present and a tendency to blame failings on prior leadership while making the same mistakes happens. Pay is mediocre.. Not enough delegation from executive team and CEO in particular. Constant direction changes and no real clear corporate objectives for everyone to get behind. You go through 10 hoops to get something approved only to be told the rules have just changed and now you need CEO approval for recruitment and wait another 3 months to find out if you can backfill a key position.. Dictatorial, no respect for opinions, no work life balance, poor pay for minions. bureaucracy, stagnation, lack of development. Bank in recovery stage and would appear a little lost. Terrible salary-to-expectation ratio, you do the hard work but will be fed the crumbs
Forget 37.5 hour weeks, you are expected to do many many more
Reward scheme is counter-motivational: 1.5% salary increases are pretty much the realistic maximum
China smile on staff, most seen happy enough but one of these days people's smiles are going to crack
Arcade is in desperate need of attention and repair
Feeling of total and utter demoralisation when you see what the execs receive compared to others assist from contractors
Unless you're a contractor or you've worked for another bank, salary is awful and the idea that low pay/high performance will accelerate your salary more than high pay/high salary is simply a LIE!
Confusing culture
Picture painted prior to being employed is VERY VERY different to the reality
Over a 1 year waiting list for a parking space.... Poor management structure with often knee-jerk reactions to change. Poor planning at the top level leads to uncertainty in the teams and lack of confidence in suppliers.
Virgin Money hasn't changed much of the old Northern Rock ways and we'll be left behind if we don't hurry up.. some outdated systems which stop you working to full potential, some miscommunication from senior management with 'dinosaur' managers still in place in some departments. Senior management appear to only know about certain things and do not take on feedback on how to improve systems/processes etc

Dated systems

Do not appreciate staff

Sold so much about how good the company is to work for and it is the total opposite. Management level is inept.  IT is technically more than a decade behind where it ought to be.  Definitely a case of who you know trumps what you know.  Merger between Virgin Money and Northern Rock was a train crash - still very little sign of an integrated company.  Neither side of the company trusts the other, sometimes with very good cause.  Complete lack of external training.
Wish I'd never started this job.. CEO runs a dictatorship with some 'inner-circle' friends on huge pay with massive bonuses. The real staff are treat with contempt, forced into real term pay cuts even when performing well in their jobs. Cost cutting for staff is bordering on insanity as the Executives refuse to embrace the company motto of 'Everyone's better off', enforcing these cuts whilst they all take home millions each (check the 2014 accounts if you don't believe me).

The risk department is ran by faceless, ex RBS mannequins who'll stab staff in the back at the first opportunity. An awful atmosphere has staff morale at rock bottom, reports of management bullying staff, threatening staff, with a constant stream of long term sick and even people managed out of the business. 

Don't speak up or your life will be made a misery.

A sad desperate entity made out to appear 'different' and 'innovative'.

Don't be fooled, AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. Crippled by governance and top heavy pay banding. Has a very obscure view of delivering change which is built on a broken recharge model forcing projects to do the bare minimum at the detriment of doing the right thing. Expect to be micro managed and having the same conversation with a few thousand people before a decision can be made. When contractors are cheaper than internals you know there are problems. I echo the other reviews regarding if your face fits you may get on..or pushed out the door who knows.... Can be like being in high school
Again - you're irrelevant if not in the popular clique

Meetings used as way to look
Busy, even if they aren't productive

A lot of people whose only role seems to be to pass blame to others. CEO thinks she's a celeb. 
It's all about the gloss of the brand with no real substance underneath.  
There is no trust in the staff by the SLT, and the SLT certainly shouldn't be trusted. 
It's run like an SME. 
Very high pressure with completely unrealistic objectives.
Your opinion is not welcome.. The company would make huge mistakes (in the line of charging customers incorrect mortgage interest rates) and then hire lots of temporary staff to deal with the problem, promising them the option of a permanent contract further down the line. Would later find any reason to fire them (one man was let go for 'coming in one minute late with a subway').
Poor relationship between management and junior staff. Taking toilet breaks was frowned upon. Taking two toilet breaks in a shift could get you threatened with dismissal.. Not particulatly well paid for the amount of work done.. Very unorganised, poor salary rises unless of course you are Jayne Anne or a friend.  Sluggish processes with dated tools and technologies.  Career progression also seems limited unless you have a cv from another failed bank like RBS.  This company don't appear to have a work life balance attitude either.  I worked a lot of hours with no overtime or flexible time.  It's a small company that think they are big.. My supervisor did not really explain my tasks to me properly so i spent much of my time trying to initiate tasks and trying to do my best but a little more leadership and help would have been welcomed.. Small bank with limited potential for development, stretching targets. Bank's direction is unclear. It's difficult to achieve anything due to complicated procedures and lack of capacity. Staff cuts have left many areas overstretched and you can expect to work long hours to compensate. Long term prospects are uncertain because parent bank NAB are planning to exit the UK. Morale is poor as a result.. Great brand, shame about the senior management. Working in a regulatory environment means keeping on top of legislation and being aware of both the bank's and your own obligations.. For no apparent reason, the management every couple of years, have a reshuffle of staff around various branches within a 25 mile radius! Even  though they are settled/happy in their workplace and have a knowledge and familiarisation of their customer base. They take no consideration of the staff's personal circumstances and railroad them into moving (usually quite a distance from where they were settled). This causes demotivation, bad morale and dissatisfaction with their employer!. Economic challenges affected the structure of the Bank at the time, leading to cuts. Intensive workloads and high expectations. At the time the Bank lacked strong leadership in the UK which lead to a variety of changes, which it appears have left them in good shape now.. didn't manage to evade the nonsense that all the other banks adhered to.  Average customer service, call centre, etc. Team and Senior Managers all part of a clique and appears very little scope for progression for some talented people. Virgin culture didn't exist where I worked, senior management made decisions for the business rather than the customer. Some customer service staff forced to move roles on a regular basis.. tried to move up the ladder, however face did not fit so got know where. Managers are bullys.. See above. The bank is a nightmare and in total confusion. The NAB has to deal with the huge mis-sale of loans before it can sell it off: it's already absorbed billions of toxic debt run up by all the bright young bucks.. Recent restructures have limited career development opportunities. Salary not very competetive within the Banking industry. didnt deliver on my expectations. Had a great set up in Financial Solutions Centres (as was) but management did not support the team ethic with the result that collective goals were invariably missed.. The organisation was on a massive growth curve when I joined  and recruited from outside the organisation in a big way to help achieve their ambitions. 
Then it went pear shaped and most of the people recruited back in the mid noughties left leaving those who were in an outdated and out of touch business in the first place.
This was an company that promised much but didnt achieve. The new 2013 model will not work because management have basically gone back to a business that didnt achieve in the first place with little scope to grow the business and a credit department that will not use common sense.. No career progression
Old technology
More interest in overpriced contractors than internal staff. Senior manager very dictorial.. they need to open their eyes to appreciating their staff and that that the way forward is coaching and developing.   feedback was verging on bullying and very underhanded.  agree performance  management is vital but not to the point of pushing people over the edge and breaking theit confidence... which I did see with others.. Byzantine IT processes. Change mgt not working.
All IT moving to Newcastle now.
Decision making is done by a few individuals, you may be in charge of one platform and decisions about it will be made by a senior mgr  from another group. That's why the good people leave.
No training.. A lot of branches short staffed. Very internal compliance focused and "petty", virtually no useful training provided, very flat management structure with few learning or promotion prospects. Do not live up to the values.. -  Small bank with big beaucracy (although most Banks are strangled by red tape)
-  Muddled targets and reactive rather than proactive strategies 
-  Over managed in areas with large sub section of middle management
-  Essentially reward is put solely on achievement of new sales targets and management of skills/knowledge base could be better
-  Limited progression upwards with real moves being sidewards progressions. The role specifically isn’t good, you are monitored 24/7, customers are usually rude and angry due to their circumstances. There is still a long way to go for that same culture but-in to be adopted widely throughout all colleagues. But it is happening, and it does not stop Vanquis being a great place to work. I cant really think of Cons. Communication sometimes lacks and could be improved across the board - sometimes changes are implemented before colleagues are made aware.. not alot of focus on what you've done well. Going through a period of transition.. Back office get little to no bonuses and even during the pandemic front like agents get monthly incentive bonuses where as back office have bonuses suspended.. Low salary, long hours, confused leadership in our function. Too much politics with no respect for the doers. Management does not understand technology.. No progression, whatever they tell you. the company needs to work more efficiently and invest in infrastructure to be it's best. Base pay isn’t that competitive. - Salary benchmarking is on the low end
- Staff retention is poor. Losing highly skilled individuals because people are leaving for better salaries
- Typically under staffed and therefore overworked. Mind sucking work that never ends. Long hours, not many days off. Needs more innovation
Sometimes lack pace of delivery. Could perhaps set slightly longer term, return to work expectations so colleagues can plan better with regards to living arrangements.. not much chance for progression. nothing really in financial crime - not sure about other departments. Very hard to work your way up,, managers are people who have been there 10+ years so do not always care about helping others. Technological restrictions and red tape make it difficult to be effective at your job. None that I can think of. not very respected bank but they are trying to turn that around. Some of the tech can be a bit outdated, but is improving. No careeer progression, no bonous, no yearly salary increment. Culture of hiring contractors and ignoring existing employees to promote them in senior positions. People in different location offices have different wages. Should be treated same.. bad management, delays on everything. A little segmented between office locations.. No structure, still very start up type of culture. Higher Staff within Departments were Unorganised. Large workload and high expectations. Quite male dominated , can work long hours. No laptop given, you can only work on the desktop in the office or your own laptop with VPN connection. Constant feeling of being replaceable and unappreciated.. Too much of this is the way we've always done it, it must be the best way. Frustrating for those who want to drive to innovate. Hard to climb up the employment ladder. Company see you as a number and not a human (or they don't see you at all)
Value outside experience over internal talent 
Do not reward/pay for your experience or work rate, do everything possible to pay as little as possible. No cons that I have personally experienced. Repetitive, annual leave availability, bank holidays. Some systems of our legacy systems are clunky - but improvement plans in place. Can't think of any, not much con in the work place. Can't think of any cons. -Long hours, shift work, weekend work which was not good for work/life balance and a lot of work for poor pay.
-Low progression potential for the vast majority of colleagues.. Questionable ethics given the customer base.. management is really crap. systems are crap. it's like the lunatics are running the nut house.. The customers attitudes are terrible blame game all day nothing ever their fault.. Rudderless. Senior management is forever changing. IT and Tech is embarrassingly dated.. Stop trying to be a barclaycard and go back to the basics of what your good at. 
Also its time to give something back to the customer and stop milking them.
Lack of clear direction with parent co constantly reprioritising. You’re left in the dark once you conclude your training and go live on the floor.
No kind of progression whatsoever.
Management is terrible; team leaders / floor managers will go out on multiple breaks throughout the day - leaving no one to ask for help - which makes it difficult and overwhelming for those on the floor who still need to gain authorisation during calls.
Too much is expected from new employees once they go live.
EVERYTHING is timed - even out of calls, which is incredibly stressful. If you spend “too much” time in ‘comfort break’ then your team leader is on your back.
You are overworked and your efforts are under appreciated; especially if this is your first time in a role as such.
The role itself is mentally draining and you finish the day feeling deflated.
The hours are long and each day is the same; dull and repetitive.
The 2/4 Saturday shifts are too much to ask for; employees are left with little to no social life / time for themselves.
If you make a minor hiccup during the call then it is failed, and in turn this affects your monthly bonus.
You are informed the monthly bonus can be as much as an additional £600 a month, however this is incredibly unrealistic to obtain.
You receive a great amount of customer abuse each day. This isn’t down to the company, but it’s something you should be aware of if considering this role.
You do not have a designated desk - so when you’re working the late shift, you arrive struggling to find a desk to work at. And to add to this, the floor I worked on was shockingly overcrowded.
This is most likely a personal con, but this role and what was expected of me as an employee affected my anxiety immensely.. After your training you’re left on your own and the managers completely change their tone with you
They make out you’ll get up to £600 extra a month in bonus but is extremely hard to even get under £200
Managers are so rude, make you feel like you’re wasting their time if you ask for help, always seem too busy for you until they want to moan at you about something 
No flexibility in the work, very repetitive 
Can’t build good work place relationships 
Expect you to do the jobs of other departments that earn a higher wage BECAUSE they’re in that other department 
Bring out new processes but are never fully clear with how it’s going to work or how you’re meant to do it, if you ask questions no one seems to have an exact answer. If you're not a great salesperson or struggle with pressure, this is not the place for you. Heavily target driven. Sometimes too fast paced for ourselves. There has been a few management structure in just a year, management is chaotic.’ The share price have been declined which has displayed a low confident level of the company as well as job security. I would not recommend anyone to stay more than one year, it is a place for people who struggle to look for a job or to start their career. Pay Rise happens every year but please expect the rate is extremely low!. Advancements in technology have previously suffered allowing Vanquis to somewhat lag behind competitors. Changes in delivery have been recognise and are on a better path. The time it has taken to remind middle management that culture is king has lost great employees but as mentioned this is on the mend and new talent is joining with a renewed vision.. Parking availability dependant upon contact centre shifts.. communication could be better when it comes to team/department restructure or changes,. Can be really busy and quite challenging when it's busy.. None that are worth noting.. Very little progression 
Poor working atmosphere. Horrible bosses, overworked, underpaid, SO boring, management doesn't listen to your needs. Chatham branch gets paid the same as Bradford even though our cost of living is much higher.. Rudderless, loosing the culture which made it a great place to work. micro managed on comfort breaks , breaks, and all aspects of calls, quick to tell you you do something wrong. None at all I can recall. The technology we adopted advanced at such a slow pace it was tedious.
Some structures were rigid.. Senior management and the business are not as open as should be. Salaries for some roles especially for internal moves need some review/consideration.. Leadership are still finding their feet. Technical debt, crowded market, association with Provident. IT infrastructure needs work in my opinion. Bad communication, poor management, and slow pace.. Technology can sometimes be challenging. Hoping there will be more investment in this next year.. Expect too much, do not care about staff health and wellbeing although this is promoted externally it is all for show. felt like a work slave- working around the clock for minimal pay
like school again- must clock out to go to the toilet or get a drink and you have an allowance of how long you can have a toilet break outside of your two breaks
Rude customers-You will get a few rude customers , however you have to be VERY  careful how you respond because the manager will 9/10 side the customer (fair play)
mangers are somewhat nice - but beware that they will probably talk about something they are annoyed about whilst you are not there infant of other colleuges   (as I found out was done about me) honestly I thought the mangers were nice , but at some point just a tad bit unprofessional.
Shifts- ridiculous shift schedule , changes every single  week on a rota for one month , so you can't even have a hobby outside of work at the same time every week. Very clicky and people weren't very nice. Treated like machine not a person. Salary 
Bonus
Parking
Training
All the above have been reduced or no longer exist. If you are friend of Team Leaders you get promotion opportunities, responsibilities and easy tasks if not all your efforts will not be recognised.. Poor people development and career progression, lacking vision. Senior management seem to have no clue 
Favouritism - if you aren’t cherry picked for a role you aren’t going anywhere. Siloed departments, unfriendly coworkers, not appealing benefits, lack of managerial support. Poor management 
Pressuring environment 
Stressful 
Salary low-mid scale. Oh dear where should I start?

I have been working for a variety of organisations over 20 years and this is by far the worse job I have ever had. Apart from the nature of the job which is endless calls you are treated like a machine. No concern for your welfare at all. I was reprimanded for taking an 8 minute toilet break. I was on my period at the time and had severe bleeding so you can imagine how that made me feel. Also zero tolerance for any issues you might have outside of work. I had a gas scare before my shift and called in to let them know. Luckily British Gas got there straightaway so I was still able to get into work but I was an hour late. Despite explaining this to my line manager I was made to feel guilty and made to fill in a late form. 

Training is terrible and I kept getting conflicting information from different team leaders and floor walkers. The team leaders seem to lack basic HR knowledge - I was off ill for four days due to a mouth ulcer and was told by my line manager I could not return to work unless I had illness certificate. GPs do NOT issue illness certificates unless you have been off ill for at least a week. I stated this to my line manager but she did not pay any attention. It was only when she went to HR that it was resolved. 

I found a lot of senior members of staff really unprofessional because they only seemed to help the people they liked and if you were not one of them you were left on your own and with no support. 

I worked for Vanquis for 8 months and lets say when I received a job offer from another bank it was one of the best feelings of my life.. Where to begin - Constant lies from Management, every 3 years they try a new initiative in making employees feel wanted and then just recycle it knowing that the bulk of employees will leave band not see the new initiative, the entire infrastructure is littered with errors, the mantra at Vanquis is patch rather than fix. I don't know a single agent who wants to stay.. constant call ques, thick customers and thick bossy managers, always adding to the job no progression its all favouritism. Its basically Bradford college in this place. New Management has changed the dynamic of the company. Restructures have forced a lot of good people out of the company. 
Lack of benchmarking on salaries - always being told that benchmarking happens but no transparency on the results eg who were reviewed, what was the outcomes. Lots of companies locally paying more but Vanquis salaries do not correlate. 
Lack of transparency on internal promotions - staff get promoted without roles being advertised, or interviews. No communication on promotion ie why it happened and why that person got promoted.
Lower grade roles (agent level) become monotonous, low paid and lost its 'fun element'. All about taking as many calls as possible with limited respite.
Significant lack of incentives for loyalty and longevity. 
Annual bonuses have been cut in recent years. 2018 bonus was halved due to conditions that were not communicated not being met
Share schemes have failed to pay out once and have since been cancelled.. Money could be better for people that progress internally. Unskilled and narrow minded leadership stifle innovation from lower banded colleagues. Lack of benchmarking to improve salaries for hardworking colleagues causes high attrition with a mentality of hiding their head in the sand in the hope it will go away. This is whilst everyone continues to leave as from a technicality of their terrible role structure people are doing jobs 5k to 10k less than what they should.. The company has grown very fast from a handful of employees to over 1,800 in the past 15 years, so there are some growing pains!. Short and long term variable comp hardly paid over the last 2 years, making overall comp disappointing. Business plan meek with a lack of aspiration. Disunity amongst senior leadership and an MD who divides opinion.. Lack of opportunity for progression.
Poor re-structuring decisions made. Some people where forced to move into Sales from Customer Service when the department split into too as they were on holiday at the time of the split.
Lack of care for actual employees, they just need to be 'seen' as offering things and that satisfies upper management.
No way to provide feedback on processes and personel without it coming back down to hurt you.
HR processes always sided with management regardless of the amount of evidence to the contrary.
Staff benefits such as 'free lunch' sounds good, but when in reality it's a sandwich which flavour you don't get to choose and a glass of dilute juice, it's nothing to be excited about.. Easy to get stuck in a boring job
Some times problems motivating staff. No progression and sometimes unorganised.. Long days
Weekend hours
Can be repetitive. Major culture problems stemming from a lack of morals, and competence from senior and middle management. Managers of all levels will quite literally lie to your face to cover their own rear. Bonuses paid to execs when clear failures around the business mean ops staff get little or no bonus despite meeting targets.. Underpaid for the work I do. The lifeblood of our business is data and this is something that needs to be improved. The diversity of the data is huge at Vanquis but it's the quality that we need to work on. Having said that the initiatives are on the way.. Can become stifling
Recent changes to cut costs are at the detriment of staff!
Restructure to increase team sizes by 50% will not help attrition or engagement. Can be very clique. Shift pattern sucks. -TERRIBLE hr team, never reply, maternity pay is always incorrect 
-No progression
-Poorly organised, hire loads of people for busy periods then randomly do redundancy
-constant chopping and changing of exec members
-bonus and salary are laughable
-lots of middle management with no idea. Miserable work place, rubbish progression, lousy team leaders. Overtime is meant to be optional but you are constantly hounded to take it up or threatened that it will become compulsory. 
Progression is possible depending on who you are and who you are friends with above actual ability/talent. 
Some team leaders more interested in social life and relationships above working and supporting rest of the team.. Not much room for development. Everything in the book of cons! 6mins timer on toilet break, it's basically a school and nothing else.. Less later shifts and more earlys. - Location is not great
- Internal IT support can be slow to respond to requests or fix issues. Late shifts can be a pain when you get the bus. As a fast growing organisation, there still exists some legacy systems and processes that can sometimes present barriers to efficient work.. Poor management and procedures
No career development. -gone through a number of changes in ExCo over last 2 years, with very short tenures. Needs stability.
-benefits package is traditional and needs a refresh. miles from station so crap for non drivers. cliquey environment and a bit 'cliquey' between the management who mark calls and just want to keep their pals 'sweet' 
Timed loo breaks - archaic!. Might be quite slow in terms of change. There is still some work to be done on the technology for flexible working. Technology perhaps not as up to date as some banks. However, something which is being focused on heavily. Personally no cons. The bank is always changing and adapting to the market and technology but that show's how we are growing! :). A career is what you make it, no employer is perfect but this company does care about its employees.. - Sometimes unaware of the vision other functions have, be great if we knew the excitement going on across other main functions.. Needs to become more Agile and provide laptops to their staff and update some of their IT products.. There can be a little bit of disengagement between the three sites (London, Bradford and Chatham) and between teams in different areas, however this is something that is being worked on.. There's a lot to be improved as in any business, but the management are aware and working towards it being an even better place to be.. - Some systems are a little dated, but the business seems aware and are not afraid of change/innovation. Some of the infrastructure in place is very outdated and needs changing to keep up with the modern way of working.. None that I can think of. Not a high enough rating on glassdoor. Possible to work your way up, but difficult
Seems to be a pay ceiling for anyone not in senior management. Plenty of redundancies and high turnover of staff, 
The three sites in Bradford, London and Chatham do not seem to work as one team. none other than better parking at bradford. Everything they treat you like a dog and give you nothing even if you help them. Poor management, don’t understand needs, take work before health in every way, work you like dogs, all of the management are in a friendship group so no room for progression at all. Go there for experience on the phone and then get out as soon as you can so they don’t ruin your personality / confidence. Horrible management who don’t appreciate the best team leaders who really care about their job. You are penalised for things that everyone does, threatened to lose your bonus even if you have worked all month for it. Lie about whether you’re getting sick pay or not and how much. Awful place.. The new joined peer got pay more for the same role, so you get punished for being royalty. No Surprise I left.. never work here, if you can't get in anywhere else, then keep trying, if you are on ye bum, then ok try this place, otherwise avoid it all costs.. none really
it is a good place to work. none that I can think of. The sick days off system is a little misunderstanding, the majority of agents are very young so it's clear where its coming from but in individual circumstances it can be inconsiderate.. Everything. I have absolutely nothing positive to report. I am not going to list the cons, because it would take far too long.. Quite a few of the management team (all areas) - the wrong people are making decisions - management seems to be decided on two factors 1) length of service and 2) how social someone is. Rather than skills, experiences or fit for the job

Terrible HR Team - terrible recruitment process

Processes aren't thought through - very reactionary

Culture - all offices have a different way of working - many problems are caused by the Bradford Office doing things differently to the Chatham Office.
People get promoted via who they know

Too compliance heavy

Open plan offices can get very noisy very quickly

Not consistent (some people get treated better than others)

IT infrastructure is poor

Parking is becoming an issue

The actual credit card. Fees like a teenager - lots of enthusiasm, at times lazy, inconsistent expectations of colleagues, management in need of development - needs to think more like a sustainable business and grow up.. Expect to work up to or more than 11 days in a row for around 6 - 10 hours a day. Expect no time for personal life. Team Leaders seem to know nothing when it comes to running a team.  The money doesn't make up for the appalling management. Expect to be called around 4 times asking where you are if you are off sick as no one communicates with each other. Don't expect any holiday unless you have booked it off at least 8 months in advance. You will be accused of cheating and will be banned from the bonus each month. Management do not sympathize when it comes to personal issues therefore, do not expect to be given a day off to accompany your other half into surgery.. management are reactive and not proactive.
Training team treat you like you are children & they need to go on some training courses themselves.
Management doesn't seem to know what's going on. It's like the lunatics have been left to run the asylum.
IT system are absolutely useless
They Keep changing the goal posts for quality and KPI's
Common sense is uncommon at the Chatham offices. Depression, juvenile staff, staff who'd Rob from their nan's to boost stats
This rating is total lies. When Glass door was implemented they took staff off the phones and made them write favourable reviews as their turnaround was so high.
I have never encountered so much depression of staff and drug abuse. The general work force seem to numb their depression with ketamine and cocaine.

This is the most honest and genuine review yet.. Expect too much work from you. No real cons to speak of. In need of direction. Things take way to long to move along. A very siloed mentality. IT infrastructure is poor.. Lack of direction from senior management. HR do not do enough in trying to protect employees especially when questions were raised. It is a relatively new Bank but it could feel that progress is slow because of bucreautic processes that are in place.. Calls can be repetitive, as with most contact centres. I found the hardest thing about working at Vanquis is some of the agents, not the management.. Rewards to long term staff not great. Have to push for everything you want which is fine if you're very self motivated but others may struggle to develop.. The company does not care for its employees.
Lot of example of bait-and-switch, whereby you are sold a particular role and then after joining find out it is completely different
Senior Management lacks vision. Salaries are very inconsistent and there is no banding in place for roles so no transparency. Pay increases are capped even when your role changes. 
External training is limited.
No rewards for long service.. Sometimes a lack of consistency between departments but it is improving ! No provision of work phone or laptop. The hours can be tricky if you are used to a specific work schedule i.e 9.00am to 5.00pm, however that may not be the case across all parts of the business(Role Depending). too many cliques within department.. Planning seems non-existent and, despite best efforts, people seem really resistant to it.  Inequality of reward - Agent level incentives are proportionally far higher than annual discretionary bonus and Operations teams get huge amounts of time and money spent on team builds/pay day parties etc. whereas non operations departments get nothing.. Some basic salaries could be more competitive. No breathing space, constant calls, bad shifts. More consideration needed for the departments that actually finalise the delegated work. We fight tooth and nail to make things happen so a little flexibility would go a long way. Nothing else major!. Ideas can sometimes be given with good intentions but a bit under planned/last minute. Pay is well below what you would expect and what is on offer elsewhere. Management say they 'benchmark' - either this is wholly untrue or they do benchmark - but to salaries in Bradford where the Provident head office is. In London those salaries just do not cut the mustard.. Too many too list, a business that is run by a managing director more interested in running a boys club where only his dictorial voice matters.

Company culture is shocking where everyone is simply only interested in their pay due to the blame culture being so high and if you are blamed you are fired.

An over inflated share price based on false company performance that set the hopes for a long term incentive to staff that was completely incorrect caused some staff to stay on thinking they would receive additional renumeration which was falsely set expectations. All the execs care about is their own renumeration clearly shown by the decisions made by the former CEO.

I would recommend to anyone to avoid Vanquis, although a great brand the current Managing Director and exec team are running it into the ground and destroying the culture turning it into a business where knowone wants accountability or responsibility.. Poor work culture
Poor management
Bad communication with employees. Poor senior leadership and lack of cohesiveness very unprofessional. Culture needs to be improved. having been at the bank for over 5 years I've noticed that to progress you need to have a face that 'fits'.  If you had been in the role for a while then you can kiss goodbye to any progression. 

A lot of jobs go to those fresh out of Uni and no opportunities are given to the existing staff.

Some managers believe that they are the CEO of the company and have the attitude to go with it.

The business is sometimes to reactive rather than being proactive. 

If a staff member has been within a role for a while they get pigeonholed and then locked in with no progression routes.

Pay is poor and less then some competitors. Horrible people,  management is poor. If your face fits, you get anything, if not, well, good luck in the nex life.. Management are patronising! I came from a management position to working in sales and I'd have never spoke to myself like that. Heard one team leader (in her early 20s) say to a new sales agent (in his 30s) ' oh my god well done you're learning on your own now!' Something you'd say to a child! 
Repetitive! Answering between 30-50 calls a day reading the same script 30-50 a day! For 3 months! I couldn't take it any longer!
Incentives! At Christmas you get to pick a sweet out of a bag of you get 4 sales! Great incentive guys.. Hard to progress, hardly ever allowed off the phone to get on with tasks that you need to do, you sometimes don't get a spare 5 mins to even check emails. Meetings that are important are always cancelled due to call volumes. Amanagers hate taking calls, can be a negative/stressful place to work. Low morale.  Understaffed quite often due to everyone leaving the department or the company itself. Other members of staff talk down to you quite often or are not approachable.. Long hours, long weekends, sometimes in 11 days without a day off. Management are rude and ignorant. Team leaders are unfriendly and unapproachable, your only rewarded within the company if your a team leader or senior agent or management or a top performer (which is always the same people). Everything else, don't help with health conditions and god forbid a girl has a miscarriage like I did. Awful shift patterns too.. Some processes and changes are slow - But this has been recognised and the bank seems to be working hard to change this. Most are horrible people - not a  supportive environment             Team Leaders are not trained but are old agents who have been promoted and don't know anything about anything and are bad people managers         They talk about having a culture but its if your face fits and if it doesn't you don't get anywhere!. Unqualified (Academic and experiential) managers, inconsistent performance review system, complete lack of training, below average salary,  no professional development.. As mentioned above their very business model is morally questionable, although the whole industry needs to be held to account in this regard not just Vanquis. Bonus scheme (obviously) performance driven, this leads to more aggressive tactics when recouping monies. Lacking an ethical and moral compass, giving credit to those who are in a poor financial position in the knowledge that the company can recoup huge amounts more in fees from poor creditors rather than those who pay on time. Extremely pushy in regards to overtime, making you feel as though you should work it as often as possible as they are doing you a favour offering you so much more work, despite having signed  a contract specifying hours. Poor support from team leaders who are inevitably more interested in helping those who can help them, i.e the more aggressive sellers/finance re-coupers.. loads of hours work early until  very late. Bonus is based on competition and this can very demotivating
Additionally a lot of factors are taken in to account for the salary but never explained
Breaks are very strict
Very scripted - can put you ethical dilemma sometimes
Bonus reduction is based on calls but many times you get told after the salary has been reduced. The training lady was horrible, the job was dull and repetitive, the company bombared employees with junk mail and the working hours was horrible.. I cannot think of any cons.
The company is very organized and properly managed that even if there are cons, it's not noticeable.. Shifts and working weekends. there should maybe be more opportunities to progress. I feel this was the only negative i can think of.. nothing i can really think of. Well well well where can I start. 
- no job security 
- managers think they're earning 100 grand a year with their stuck up mentality
- constantly monitored
- treat people like kids
- hours are unsociable
- so many other cons but these are the main ones. Lack of consistency within departments. - customers can be rude at times
- fairly frequent system errors/system crashes
- can be hard to book off holiday for a specific date i.e. in the summer. training poor - processes seem to change very 5 mins. coffee was not good, no health benefit, no excel training. Extremely bureaucratic with no real appetite for managing an inhouse sales force. Need broader product range and must move from under served to main stream market, can improve communication within company. The work itself is very awkwardly long
Mis told information such as the dos and donts of What can and can't be Said on a call 
Some info not even told such as probation pass grades and how it affects your end salary, basically lack of transparency 
Being pushed a long to take continued calls like a chicken in a cell and no time given to breath 
Team leaders are more bothered about stats being high rather than worker dying by chocking on their tongue after a dry throat. You're treated like you're in school.. There is no cons for me, I would recomend Vanquis as employer.. Small opportunities for non-native speakers.. the bank is just growing and i dont see any cons except salary. Very poor management especially in the Commercial Delivery and IT area's. The link and collaboration between London and Chatham does not work well at all.

Poor employee engagement and  motivation. Poor Management and customer service training. Senior member of the team, always politic. Poor hardware options & technology stack. Terrible IT systems which is incredibly frustrating. Demanding at times
Lack of progression
Repetitive. Dont value staff
Lots of restructuring /redundancy
Rubbish systems. Higher management don't seem to always value staff. 
flexible contracts can mean place of work/shift changes at any time without concern of how this may effect lifestyle etc.
Pay not great compared to what is expected of you. Wages could be more competitive with other jobs. Lack of focus on career progression. Limitations in access to technology due to security purposes. None really but wages could be higher. All take and no give. Bad salary not paid enough. Lack of progression, not many layers of ranks to move up to. none that I can think of now. Use outdated technology and pay is bad. Slow progression / lack of opportunities. Managers who know less than you. Talk customer service but don't actually care ir want to helpnthem. Not very flexible regarding weekend shifts and permanently changing shift pattern.. None to report during my working time. Management only interested in sales targets. Poor pay and AC doesn't work sometimes. Very childish playground environment, rubbish training. Back dated condescending attitude. Upper management are a bit aloof. Booking holiday is difficult. 6 week wait to know if it was approved.
Work along side people in same role and grade knowing you are getting paid less.
Mass redundancies meant that those who were staying take on extra work and stress without pay rises or acknowledgement.
Got verbal abuse from customers every day.
Sales focused without the rewards seen in typical sales roles.. Movement within company grade system redundandcies. Long hours. 
Career progression is limited. 
Stressful environment.
Staffing is limited.
Placed in different branches very frequently.. not much scope for progression in this company, eternal candidates can negotiate their. 1)The computer systems are an absolute joke. Barely a day goes by in which something crashes or stops working. The regular "updates" always cause more problems than they fix, and yet employees are expected to get on with it without complaint meeting targets at all times. This causes constant anger with customers and as a result daily abuse, particularly over the Internet Banking service. Speaking of abuse, while the business advises they do not tolerate it you will receive A LOT of it because of the constant computer problems, and managers have very little sympathy. Lastly, the business may tell you that the system issues are merely 'teething problems' and that they are finding their feet, except they have never fully worked since being introduced in 2018.
2) The company is completely inflexible with working hours. Even if you have a legitimate reason to move them, they won't do it. Want time off at Christmas with your family? Tough luck. And don't trust anything managers say without checking HR policy first when it comes to anything to do with your employment, particularly pay, because you will get caught out on a tecnicality.
3) Speaking of pay, it is far too low for the expected level of knowledge, skill and responsibility required for the role. You are expected to be on the phone non-stop for all of your shift with the exception of breaks/lunches or scheduled time off, and any time you spend off the phone is timed even if you are going to the bathroom or writing emails etc. Guaranteed that any time spent off the phone will later be questioned for its legitimacy by your manager and even if you have a genuine reason they will "coach" you to not spend time off the phone at all. You are also expected to have very detailed knowledge in all banking products and procedures, but the training they offer is very minimal before you get chucked back on the phone. This may sound standard for many jobs but when it comes to banking a lack of knowledge can have dire consequences.
4) The opportunities to climb the ladder or move into different sectors of the business are few and far between. You will be told that if you want to work in a particular department you should talk about it to your manager, but even if you do this when opportunities arise they will not tell you until someone else has been given the role already.
5) The business will constantly tell you they value their employees, but will also repeatedly move goal posts and place large amounts of pressure onto your performance. Feeling stressed? Try meditating and get back on the phone.
6) The turn over is high and the company make little to no effort to hold onto experienced staff members.

It is unsurprising given all the above that the bank is considered unpopular by customers and performs poorly in comparison to its competitors. Do yourself a favour and stay far away from them. I certainly wish I had.. Behind the market and always playing catch-up. Nothing really I loved it. Unable to see through ambitions - lots of bureaucracy. Pay, management, development, environment, atmosphere. Zero support for any personal issues, all about numbers and whats best for whoever is above you. The pay isn't amazing, its the one of lowest paying banks. Majority bad management and lack of care for staff. Worked there for 7 years. Went on maternity leave and looked to come back part time. Wanted me to come back practically full hours. Very unsupportive. Low salary and not recognised for hard work. -Rife with data quality issues
-Limited access to tools. Lack of opportunities to move internally. Poor morale in teams, salary low. Lack of promotion, but management very supportive. IT Systems need some major work
Career progression opportunities unclear. Bad management who lack knowledge & idea which are future proof to the banking industry.. IT failures slow the pace of progress and can dampen morale. Lacking direction. A lot of decisions are head scratchers.. none found till now for the experience. Not appreicated and not reward. Red tape overload to make decisions and get proper traction without parent company sign off. They don't live and breathe their values. The CISO finally left, by then it was too late, the team was dessimated. It wasn't a nice place to work under her tenure.
No career progression or support.. slow progression lack of opportunities. Not enough guidance after being trained. It’s a smaller bank working it’s way up. Pay is very low all things considered - giving branch staff even more work which doesn’t reflect on pay. A lot of delegation. No opportunity for progression if so very very difficult.. Salary. For the work you do as a mortgage advisor, the pay definitely does not reflect it. Reward pay is very poor as well.. everything else. they changed the contract of all their branch employees, so we would have to perform all roles within the branch for the same pay. no progression, if you are unhappy with the decision they will show you the door. Management could have done with a shakeup. there is no clear careers progression. Average progression and salar y. Travelling to work as based outside Edinburgh. After IT migration it was the beginning of the end for a lot of staff. Bonuses are really inconsistent and bank owned by Spanish parent. None Cons at all present. Expect too much with no recognition or insentive. Causes too much stress. No career progression Lloyds old boys club. Slow to develop and implement change. - a bit delayed work deadlines. A lot of competition for those opportunities. Lower Salary compared to other high street banks.. Bad customers due to bad systems. Management only concerned for them selves. Breach of contract and useless HR.. Not enough areas for promotion. You can feel like a number as the company is so large and they have lost a lot of experienced staff due to redundancy.. Career progression in branches limited.. Salary opportunities location few branches. Lots of opportunities for sideways movements but promotion is hard to come by. Below average salary and not always flexible working hours. progression, long hours, commute, work life balance. Less opportunity than 5 years ago.. Focus on colleagues has dropped significantly in recent years. Total blame culture with bullying rife in Head Office. Being a challenger bank there is a strong focus on core products but they really want to innovate in these areas. There is no real management support and blame is handed out easily.

Can easily put yourself into debt.. communication pay management unclear underpaid. No parking on premises, no free parking near by. None
Great place to work, no faults. Acts like a big bank without the budget/resources to be one. Too much emphasis on positive messaging rather than making things actually positive. Completely ignored Slaughter and May report.. Stood all day in branch which was tiring. Pay could be more competitive. There are many cons for working here , one being manager’s favouritism to certain colleagues , no chance off progression , the pay is not enough for what we do and the managers expect so much from us all the time.. Poor tech and not a digital first company
Was never enough seats so often worked on bar stools for 8 hours a day
Takes ages to implement things and often red tape/hoops to jump through which are unnecessary
Often wasted time with "busy work" creating slide decks 
Hiring process is terrible - even if there are more qualified external candidates you will be influenced to still hire internally - witnessed this first hand assisting interviews in my time there, as well as hearing about it afterwards
Can be hierarchical. Low pay .
IT system issues on a daily basis. You do more work than your pay grade with little benefit. Poor management and poor support. software does not work well and creates lots of issues to customers. the work on the company was ok. Lack of staff in branches. Mandatory Training is long winded and takes up too much time when you need to be hitting project deadlines.. Stress of high workloads ygm. Communication between higher management could be better. Little career opportunity 
Favouritism
Low pay rise increments. Not enough staff a lot of the time. Poor middle management
Awful infrastructure
Senior Management don't listen
Basic offices
Useless HR. management are bullies 
have to fit in 
salary. Everything else is absolutely appay. There are no cons at all. Bank systems are very glitchy and not up to date. Employees usually blamed for this. If you are working in Branch not many progression opportunities.. The company is not quite sure where it’s going.. It;s a nice place to work. No cons I can think off.. Lack of communication, leadership isn’t great. Pay is low for what you do. Poor management and lack of career progression. I did not experience any cons. Massively underpaid for work load, don't hire enough staff and expect minimal staff to take on an unrealistic work load. If pay was higher/if they hire more staff would be a great place to work.. - Senior management are a big problem. They have chosen favourites and rules you need to abide by in order to have any chance of progressing in role. Anything said as feedback or in general to them is often manipulated and turned into something it is not to deflect from real issues. Feedback is not taken on board despite senior management constantly asking for how they can change things to improve employee satisfaction. 

- IT systems. These have improved since the initial shambolic migration however they limit what the bank are able to do process wise and can be a hindrance. 

- Pay is lower compared to competitors and you are expected to go above and beyond your role with no incentive. 

- Branch network structure constantly changing impacting roles with no real support.. Salaries are below what you deserve. Low overall base salary and benefits.. Below market rate average salary.. After 30 years in IT and finance I cannot find any cons. No cons, all good so far. pressure from management to sell sell sell. Job not as advertised. Glorified call centre.
Told to "manage our toilet breaks" and had to use teacup system.
Middle management who picked favourites.
Little progression.
Monotonous tasks with little thanks.
Us and them culture.. Don't always get to finish at the time specified by employment contarct. Culture has changed and not for the better. Driving down cost whilst being contractor heavy in the development and delivery side doesn’t leave much for long term strategy. Poor people management with reliance on management to do it without much central support.. Constantly shifting goalposts when it comes to sorting out issues
Customer aggression due to employee and bank incompetence
Unsociable working hours
Not much opportunity to progress career
Management can occasionally be unwilling to help. Very little opportunities for advancing your career, very much a ‘if your face fits’ style scenario.. Sometimes a difficult and lengthy process to make changes. 
Not as up to date with current banking needs and trends. The customers are obnoxious, rude and arrogant but then thats all customers so nothing out of the ordinary.. too many to list. avoid some managers. Poor management the manager has favourites. • due to 6hr shift and evening get 30 min break whilst doing work. •False hopes and Promises(many other I worked with had the same experience)
•Inequality with pay (negotiate your salary when you join as pay rises are hard to come by once trained)
•sales targets, hidden behind words like Expectations as banks aren’t supposed to sell, you’re expected to sell
•low morale- high staff turnover. No professional development unless self driven 
Too many people trying to make changes for the wrong reasons (for self promotion as apposed to making things better)
Unable to keep hold of talent. Legacy of changes to IT platform. No future career progression in IT fields. Lack of profile against the other big players.. Leadership
No growth/training 
No set in stone processes. Hard work, some managers don’t care, small car park. Huge changes in the way people bank mean cuts are happening at local branch level. Add to this the Botched IT upgrade, very poor senior management, lack of opportunities for branch based staff as opposed to those in functions. Botched IT system, simple things do not work the way they should.
Low salaries.. Pay is very low for the banking industry. Progression opportunities are limited.. More opportunities for people in lower grade roles. No progression 
Location
Pay rises dependent on company success. Bossy, some managers were useless. Impossible to go from D to E grade without a lot of cronyism. Do a bit of time to get the name on the CV then move on. Very poor management, lots of bullying, issues never dealt with. Openly discussed staff issues. No respect for staff. All about targets not people.. Not many. Maybe bit of lack of progression. Little opportunity for career progression or salary increases.. I can only comment on the branch network.

You will be left behind, they promise you oppurtunities, you work towards them and then give it to someone else as they are the more 'strategic placement'.

The pay is incredibly bad especially considering the amount of work you have to do, they've since added business banking to branches repitoire of knowledge but not increased pay (frustrating since this used to be an oppurtunity to move up) other banks have much better pay. 

New starters will always be put forward for various oppurtunities which results in previous staff being left behind.

Currently not up skilling due to new CEO cost cutting.

Management is very much hit and miss. You can either get a condescending manager who patronises you into doing a particular job rather than talk to you like an adult or you can get one who is really trying to help you progress (though the oppurtunities aren't there). 

Overall I would not recommend TSB (branch network) to anyone who is looking to start a career. 

High staff turn over in the last year the branch I worked at lost 5 staff members (many of whom had been there for 10+ years). Very busy non stop calls 
Slow in technology development 
Internet banking and app is slow progress and doesn’t work effectively. None, happy with it at moment. Unfair salary
Management not great
Computer system terrible. It’s a plus and a negative. Somethings aren’t there where they would be in another bank but it’s fun to be part of the bank at this early stage. 
There are no targets so you won’t see how you perform against people on the team but everyone talks so you can work it out. Management above cluster managers only think about selling when there are any so called targets in place any more. Constantly pestering about getting none of the 'big ticket' services/products. Calling customers is a pain and can be draining.. Overworked
Badly managed at branch level (cant comment for other areas of the business)
Not as many career development opportunities as the used to be .. Pay grading structure doesn't encourage long term employment. senior management who put theoretical strategys and procedures into practice without a clue of customer or staff reality.very bad pay. Parking can be an issue. This place is a joke. Management is clueless, direct manager had a very aggressive approach and has no management skills.  TSB bully staff until they leave! And then say we want you to be happy.!!!
The company claims it doesnt work on targets yet it's all about the numbers.. Undergoing restructuring so future is uncertain. Holiday booking was never a priority. The only way to thrive in TSB is through indulging in politics and gossiping. This place cant spot, retain and grow meritocratic people
Bulliying culture is very prevalant. Its very non meritocratic in nature. Despite a IT mishap, the bank has not pulled up its socks yet. All it does is never ending blame game playing. TSB does not value talent and skill. It has no system and processes in place across most function. Salary, some of their products don't match up with competitors so it could be a little difficult at times. Management are not helpful at all do not understand.. Botched migration has really finished off TSBs chances of doing anything other than stabilising operations fir the next few years. Upper management pay only lip service to transparency. All sorts of political shenanigans with people's jobs.. Under valued on occasion and lack of career progression.. Lack of opportunity outside of a retail branch. Flatter structure than some other bigger companies - but this offers greater opportunities to gather career experience and cross skill.. Very little consistency or guidance, too many opinions and too many things up for debate. Seem desperate to get staff on to performance related plans as opposed to supporting them.  Bonus not paid to staff for performance during migration despite staff doing everything they could to uphold the reputation of the bank.. Still recovering from Migration Problems. keeps you on your toe everyday all day. management and communication was poor. I don't think top management has created a solid foundation or future for this company. A lot of words and no actions unfortunately from these people.. The working culture could be better. Poor parental policies (mat & pat leave).  Being a small bank, career progression is more limited than other roles. Entry style roles don't have great benefits. Struggle to progress due to the downsizing of the company.. Very little opportunity to progress or work your way up, IT system also needs to be improved. Managers don’t support progression because branches are so short staffed you are just stuck on the till, small branches having fewer customers so you spend hours just sat in an empty banking hall waiting for customers to walk through the door, having to cold call customers to create business but getting no recognition for the few sales that are actually accomplished, false promises made at training and at welcome meetings of great future and endless opportunities but reality is job is stale and boring, the products for high interest are only for tech savvy customers for the older generation miss out, told you have to work 6 days and week and there is no guarantee of a day off the following week as time in lieu, some staff still on cushy old contracts so don’t have to work the same hours as everyone else. Low morale throughout the branches. Charges day, customers blame you if anything goes wrong, stressful to meet targets. Nothing, the training could of been better. worsening culture
Leadership are not transparent. Higher ups don’t listen to staff concerns, systems do not work, stressful workloads, unfair treatment of staff.. Managers lie to protect other managers they only look out for themselves. An awful company to work for, after making an official complaint about a sexual remark made by my manager,  being a part time member of new staff I shouldn’t realised the TRUTH would have been covered up to protect and keep my manager in his current position. That just gave him the message to continue acting like a complete “Maverick” as he knows he can continue to get away with anything! And surprise surprise 6 months after resigning from the company my ex manager sends me texts late on a Saturday night from 10pm-1am in the morning, then tries to call me a few days later! All to my personal mobile number, so much for data protection for an ex employee. I contacted the company to advise as I have evidence of this and I’ve just been completely ignored. Maybe I shouldn’t gone to the police to make a complaint.  Had I have not been suffering with stress and panic attacks I would’ve taken TSB to court for their conduct but quite frankly I value my health more after being off ill and suffering from a family bereavement. Avoid working for this company at all costs, well not unless you’re seeking a management position of course!. Old world thinking at times. IT systems still awful but so much wrong with culture and aggressive management style is unnecessary. Difficult to air any grievances resulting in a bullying epidemic. IT system disaster in 2018 has turned the promising future of TSB into a distant memory. Now like all banks looking to cut costs anyway they can and moral is very low. Sales driven without targets and job losses soon to come with branch closures to make TSB worth selling off.. When I discovered I was being paid about £10k less than my male peers, I challenged this. Excuses were made and conversations were put off until I felt worn down rather than listened to.
I've seen managers with such bad behaviours that they've made employees ill and/or driven them to quit. 
And if you were to do the right thing and attempt to report things via the intended mechanisms, you'll find things will be swiftly swept under the carpet.
The communication used to be transparent and refreshing, but can now only be described as misleading corporate propaganda.
There's also a worrying rise in backstabbing, which never ever used to be a thing at this bank.
It's a real shame as I was genuinely a huge advocate before our culture started declining.. It's been a tough year with migration but the bank is coming out the other side and really focused on doing more for customers and its employees.. There is no cons working for TSB. Dependant on where you are will depend on how strong they display their values. Salary is kind of low for the role  , location,. Not as many opportunities due to the size of the organisation. 
Difficult and time-consuming to suggest changes that benefit customers and staff.
Processes are difficult to follow and usually inaccurate.. At times it can be very busy.. old school tech, lots of misinformation and propaganda around the failed migration program, head office in LDN was a bit of a joke in terms of capacity,  pay structure far too rigid. Once positive attitude towards flexible working is quickly regressing in current cost cutting environment. It was making real progress, but certainly in Corporate Affairs there’s a return to presentism. And after a recent restructure it’s not a coincidence that the only part timers left will be people who agreed to increase their hours to close to full time. We had a thriving, flexible team including part time senior managers and heads of. This will be no more. 
More generally the values that are made a big deal of in recruitment materials are not at the core of business decision making anymore. An almost entirely new exec team barely pay them lip service. So I’d ask a lot of questions about the culture of the team you’re joining before making a decision. This isn’t the purpose led brand it was a couple of years ago.. Working hours can sometimes restrict social life outside of work.. Ignored by management. Poor salary compared to other companies. Inadequate systems & poor ethos to improve systems. Claim to have no targets but are really pushing employees to sell loans recently. it should have more security. Getting thinks right after IT problems of past year, challenge from competitors in the sector.. A huge lack of support, training and opportunities to become a senior manager.. Computer systems remain slow for colleagues following our migration. We still have issues internally in this area.. It's been a tough year with our IT migration, but we are coming out the other side now.. It's been a tough 12 months with lots of change that has felt unsettling at times
No salary rises for side ways moves across the business which can be disappointing when you are developing yourself and adding value in new areas of the business. We still have work to do to rebuild & restore faith in TSB, and it's hard to read the negative social media comments.. Nothing significant. Some poor managers, but that's unavoidable!. Extremely poor management. My direct manager was the worse boss I’ve ever. I wouldn’t recommend to anyone to work in the Spend Wise (Cost Management) teams in Bristol.. None Really. TSB is a great local employer.. Transparency and communication has to be improved. Location was not the most convenient.. Cost cutting will lead to problems but feels necessary. The work can be very repetitive and boring. Sat down in the same position with little variety in the role.. Poor Senior/Middle Management 
Bullying 
Discrimination 
Low Pay
Badly run and organised
Few opportunities to develop. i enjoyed my time here. Best interests not taken into account when management make decisions. Temporary contract. Didn't get full training due to temporary contract so often  felt left behind.. no training bully managers ,scary place. Management at times is not the best. Some managers are great, others are useless. A manager makes a huge difference, look after the staff and they will look after you.. none come to mind instantly. Salary is below industry benchmark.. Lack of progression due to the bank not being involved with corporate and investment banking. No training, pay way below average, no reward for long term service. pay
career progression if you don't want to go onto management. Promotion opportunities. That is all.. Too much stress to work under. Repetitive work, low salary, low prospect of progressing. Favouritism 
Lack of recognition
Lack of communication
Etc etc etc..... Can be very London centric. It's so poorly organised and badly run that its just a mess, from the top down. For any other company this kind of mismangement would count as gross misconduct, sadly here it's a weekday.

Its filled with mindless middle management types who don't help, but can book lots of pointless meetings and repeat what the person in charge said in a way that gives the impression they have a clue.

I wish I was making this up, but theres someone who'd only job seems to be sitting in the same meeting as the guy in charge and saying:

"What I think he's trying to say is...."

before repeating the key phrases from whatever nonsense has just been said.. Some issues with basic office applications
Some non-customer facing offices' interior is outdated. They make a mess then leave you to take all the grief and provide no help whatsoever. Salary. No particular cons other than lack of career development. Starting pay is poor.
Hard to progress in branch. 
Management can be poor.. none really , its local and great. The spreadsheet bank. Post-LBG, managing processes informally using spreadsheets was acceptable for while... but 4 years down the line, really? It's just amateurish for multi-million pound organisation to not have proper systems in place. Annual leave is tracked via the 'back of cigarette-packet' arrangement, and the leavers the process is a spreadsheet, that generates an email saying "Jane Doe is leaving". It's beggars belief. There are small high street traders with employees you can count on one hand who are more organised.

Internal IT systems are simply not fit for purpose - literally, you aren't provided the tools to do your job properly. They threw out the working LBG laptops for shoddy new ones, on system that frequently 'disconnects' and crashes. Not enough desks in the office.

Salary is incredibly low for their City of London location - creating serious recruitment/retention issues. The whole 'benchmarking' process is broken: a position can be an easy ride in one department, whereas in another team colleagues are bled dry and burnt out - yet both are the same grade and salary. As a result, key talent regularly leaves for greener pastures when they are simply poached by competitors.

The parent company Sabadell essentially pulls all the strings. If they say 'jump', and your reply is anything other than 'how high?' your work life will be made difficult.

The previous point means a culture of bullying and nepotism has taken firm hold of the bank. Managers sabotaging their peers in petty ways, to make each other look bad... all at the expense of the bank and ultimately customers.. System issues  and poor processes. Sales oriented, pushy, pressurised environment. Not always the best work ethic. Senior management are very ambitious and forget their staff. 
Poor head office locations. 
Does not live up to its 'transparent and pioneering' culture.
Talk about flexible working but work life balance is poor.. Limited positions for promotion so you can have great exposure to different areas of the business but not be able to move forward.. I thought that 4 years employment was really a bad and poor experience until I left. The leaver process is the worst ever. Don’t work for TSB. There’s micromanagement, no career opportunities, understuffing in branches, horrible IT system.. - Poor Management 
- Poor communications within the company and the whole digital department 
- Unreliable/ very poor computer systems and applications (major problem)
- Low level of career progression,  Always resulted to getting external candidates rather internal, However, they were looking to improve that but was too late for me
-You don't get paid for overtime, just get some time back
- No training and development
- Always need to travel to London and it's never the other way around
- No transparency or collaboration between management and overall teams. Call center has no progression opportunities.. The recent IT challenges have made it tough going for everyone, so people are having to go all out. We're coming out the other end though now. A case of resilience needed in bad times to get to the good.. not enough opportunities, flexible workings are not encouraged, policies and procedures are intrepreted and used differently by different line managers. Worst job I have ever had. Bosses under pressure arent v.good. The salary is extremely low.. When i first joined TSB i absolutely loved it. The place truly was unlike any financial service company i had ever been in, fresh, empowering and flexible. However, over the years i saw big changes with a cultural shift to one of bullying and favouritism. So many times my efforts for promotion were sabotaged by my own manager, examples included taking high profile work away from me for "her own development" (despite me having come up with the idea/workstream) and refusing me training as it was "too career enhancing". The amount of times I was placed on report as well for such petty minor things it was laughable, to show the pettiness when she left her final bullying act was to try and get my bonus revoked I appealed and was told her "whole rationale for placing me on report was wrong".  After my boss left the new one was equally bad, less than 5 years experience in the area and with no prior management experience the said person's face "fit" and to coin a statement many made "was a favourite amongst the seniors as will nod head and agree to anything". Utterly demotivating and on a personal level working there affected my mental health so much.

Not only was bullying and favouritism prevalent (my experience was not unique) the culture for recruiting the inexperienced was laughable. When the chaos with migration occurred NO ONE who worked there was surprised, hiring people with zero experience in this area on a large scale will always cause issues! In one London team alone the sheer quantity of inexperience is shocking, not just in technical ability but in people management as well! I know so many people utterly demoralised in roles working so hard whilst others do barely anything due to management having no digital knowledge as to how things should be. So many people there deserve better.. Emptied room, TSB may not admit it but they have a huge staffing problem since April this year. Everyone who has worked here, built up skills and knowledge but have fundamentally moved to other banks or companies due to the poor options and clear favouritism and this is well documented facts for leaving. Apart from the Extremely low morale and productivity TSBs lack lust attempts to increase this is laughable. Not enough staff & also not being recognised. Dealing with system errors too frequently. This is not only the worst bank in the UK! But one of the worst to work for. There do not treat you with individuality like they mislead you to believe they support gay pride or anything that it stands for. The managerial staff are insulting and rude, there is no moral support what so ever. Only way you get any where is if your a favourite. They dispice equality and don't like any faith or fashion trends out the box, like goths hippies or people who cross dress. Do NOT waist your time applying you will regret this. No longer allowed to show any individuality, if it wasn’t on a job card you are not allowed to do it without HoF approval, as a manager I found this utterly ridiculous. I have seen numerous negative interactions between SM/HoF and their staff (I even escalated through HR in one case). Undermining and very demoralising. I left when I did before I was on my SM’s “hit list”. Several had already resigned because they couldn’t take the talking down to, the constant requirement to justify every moment you spend in work, the total removal of any ownership/control, lack of respect etc.. Poor work environment, lack of training & management, Staff undervalued, no direction for staff members on what they should be doing.. Salaries not competitive
Picking up massive workloads to cover those on migration
BULLYING 
new systems are awful. Micro management, poor systems post migration, lack of training, lack of staff, poison atmosphere amongst some of the managers and staff.You're alright if you happen to agree to everything management says.Don't speak up as you will be marked as a troublemaker.Whisperings of job losses and no structure at all.One department doesn't know what the other one is doing.I could go on.Avoid.. High pressure and poor senior exec team. The senior members stuck in past. The biggest issue has got to be management. They thrive on bullying others and putting them down every day. This ultimately caused several staff members to leave the business within a period of 2-3 months. The final nail in the coffin has been the IT meltdown. This has caused so much stress on the frontline staff who have received no support from management or the senior leaders. For the frontline staff, we have been taking non-stop abuse from customers over the past month or so which has taken a toll on a lot of staff and their mental health.. You have to work hard.. Working every other Sunday is a challenge as this runs on to Friday. Managers are not all approachable and willing to help. The salary should be more than it is for the daily stresses of the job and the working hours. You will only be considered for job progression if you are friendly with management - otherwise your efforts are unlikely to get noticed. The temperature in the office is often cooler than desired.. Average salaries, Bad migration strategy. Corporate culture on slippery slope after buy out by Spanish Bank and botched IT migration. Micro management and lack of trust.. Alot of office politics in the operations side of the business, do things they sometimes shouldnt. local management dont live the values. Limited promotions, office politics, number of staff. Terrible working shifts with some long working hours. Little structured career progression route. Bad management on all levels
Very low salaries
Unfair work place. easy too long to list. You have to take two weeks annual leave together, you can’t split it. Incentives are given to departments that make money for bank  eg mortgages dept. Nothing for collections and recoveries.. dont apply
look for something else. Lacking structure, felt that could improve. Apart from the occasional disruptive member of staff, no cons. They have money  that should be spent. No real incentive in the role to work hard. Layers of governance. It can be onerous to get straightforward decisions made. Agile methodology is being adopted, but it requires Exec to trust their teams more to take the business forward.. No progression or support to move further in the company. Lower remuneration compared to rest of industry.. Toxic Micromanagement of staff. One rule for one member of staff another rule for another. Difficult to get time off even for medical appointments. Difficult to plan holidays as they needed them so far in advance and no guarantee of approval. Limited career progression unless you are a favourite of the managers from the beginning. More senior management do not understand the tasks involved in the daily management of a branch and expect other managers to fill out pointless paperwork all day. Worrying about of partners sign offed sick for stress etc. TSB try to make an effort with “wellbeing” partners but they cannot offer any help/support. Low staff as partners are leaving to accept jobs which are lower salary/hours just because they know it will be less stressful. Over ambitious with there migration planner which is already delayed and will more than likely be delayed again. Large amount of pressure of staff for training when already short staffed.. Disgusting Salaries, Embarrassing fake values. always short of staff in branch and not easy to arrange a day off.. Repetitive work,  relatively poor salary. Hard work for little pay at first.. The building is a bit shabby and could do with a refit. None that I can think of. Management
Short-sightedness
Doublespeak
Location
Tired offices and poor canteens. Because the bank is small, it's easy to get "stuck" if your role is quite niche.. Layers and layers of bureaucracy. Inherited Lloyds processes into the 'nimble' start up which makes everything very slow. A select number of power players run the show and external agencies have undue influence internally and appear to think that the client/agency relationship works in reverse.. I cant think of any vice , it is a great place to work.. Development structure can sometimes hinder promotion. Managers in the branches are given too  much control over holidays and TOILs they would use that to BULLY you. Besides the expectation that you act 'human' to your customers you will never get anything near that treatment from your management. I have been told by a manager on several occasions 'MAN BEHIND THE DESK ALWAYS WINS'.  You work so many unpaid hours. You'll be bullied to come to work 8.30 and finish 6-6.30 most days as opposed to the official 5 o clock. This was a norm both in my current and the  last branch I worked at. They'll try give you as many roles as they can, keeping you on the least pay possible. Too much favoritism. Not even a single person in my branch is happy. Sexist behavior shown by the Senior management. 
The company has gone downhill since separating from Lloyds. The profits  are probably growing, this is because they are increasingly  squeezing the staff.. No structure, minimum communication from management, no clear processes. The company condones presentation skills rather than performance. People get their way up by talking and not by performing well. Employees who fail to meet their targets seem to be more respected than the ones who give everything for the company.

TSB advertises a very positive behavior that there are no targets, however when I questioned that during the training, it was ignored, because there are (employee targets)

Applied for several opportunities within the company and was rejected by each of them. (Not even a telephone interview)

Shifts - I am on a 4 shift monthly rotation, one of which is 14:00-22:00. My usual shift should be 13:00-21:00, but they are constantly changed.

Call after call (average of 80 calls per day)

Most of the times you are getting marked on calls and given negative feedback without being your own fault, but when you start questioning it, the management "reminds" you of one of TSB Values - OWN IT.

After the new system is introduced, employee turnover will increase even more since the system will take screenshots while you are helping a customer.. Expected to work out of hours at times, various branches managed differently depending on area.. Flexible working is great and work life balance is one of the best. However, some departments practice this more than others. Some limitations on flexible working in certain areas of the business, depsite this being a leading benefit.. Lack of progression. Sometimes too much focus on numbers than people. The salary is way too little for all the responsibilities, the working hours are not 9-17,youare expected to work about an hour a day extra without pay. Incompetent management, no understanding of mental illness, outdated mental wellbeing policy, wages are awful for the area. Desk space availability to full time staff. The work life balance at times can be stretching in Management roles.. Promised training didn't happen. Poor management and sacked for no reason. Based on how many calls to take. Incorrect job description. Limited job satisfaction and career progression. Even though get exposure to senior staff no career progression at all, no development,  office is too busy - lucky if you get a desk,  technology is really old - laptops are like bricks and currently running off unsupported operating system. Be prepared to put the effort in. Lots of training however it will be rewarded. It feels like they have no idea what they are doing since they removed sales targets. Everything was much easier when we did have them, you knew where you stood and what to aim for.. Bad management
Unorganised
Very bad communication 
Pay is not good. The office location- is a bit out of way.. As with most banks it takes quite a long time for decisions to be made and signed off
Lack of admin support makes roles quite hard to do sometimes. Far too old school and no career progression prospects. Most people will have worked in the same role for 15-25 years. Very antiquated. Do not work here.. Not as many benefits in comparison to other banks.. Sometimes it is difficult to get time off work. Still stuck with Lloyds awful systems and processes for a lot of hardware and IT. Makes work difficult but this is changing. Very incompetent, box-ticking middle-management. They like to constantly talk about TSB values but middle management certainly don't practise any of that, and don't take responsibilities but always place fault on lower ranked employees. Very box-ticking attitude in evaluating employee behaviour and performance. They talk about customer experience, but in reality care nothing about that as each department/team only cares about palming things off to the next unfortunate team following their own procedure. 

Unbelievably rampant and blatant nepotism. And they don't even try to hide it.

Very little career progression prospect. 

Pay is below market average.

The system is probably from about 30 years ago, and migrating to a foreign system.

On average, a place as an in-between job or a temporary stay before you look to move on to somewhere else.. They purposely train you in such a way that you leave without any valuable transferable skills.
Nepotism is rife
The job title are designed to ensure that you are not employable elsewhere. Too much emphasise on sales and hard to get on with the job in hand.  Customers could be hard work at times.. 1.
Hr confirmed this month (january 2017) TOIL is given for any time worked before 9am so 8.45am start is 15mins and 8.30am start is 30mins. HR have said we are entitled this but the bank managers wont tell yiu this u less you ask!! Talk about inconsistent. We now all have this in my branch but a branch 2 miles away they dont!

2.
So many people have been there 30 years plus and are stuck in their ways! Process driven not customer fo ussed.. short staffed and high pressure without recognition.. The bank does not consider its people when making decisions, they do not keep promises, especially when it comes to salaries. Intense micromanagement, if a mistake is made you either have deliberately done it (will) or unable to perform the role (skill). Lunches are expected to be not  taken. At least half hour unpaid work expected everyday.. Bank doesn't offer staff rates for mortgages.. Held back by the drag of lloyds banking infrastructure that forms the bulk of the tech stack for TSB but this is changing soon. Combatting with traffic is atrocious. OK if you live in the area. Most higher management are horrendous, it's all about them and how they can benefit and worm their way in with the director mob in London. The workers are 2nd class citizens.. Hotdesking is a pain - not enough desks for everyone.
Very judgemental atmosphere, and quite cliquey.. Management is horrendous.
You will not work the shifts assigned to you, they are continuously flexed.
No recognition/reward
Very much a 'if your face fits' model. Badly understaffed with little career progression or pay rise opportunities.. Systems need upgraded, will be moving away from Lloyds and have the chance to shape there own system. 
Head offices based in London and Edinburgh. Lots, micromanagement, lack of opportunities, lack of support.
Bad management.
Theory 9-5, reality 8:30 to 6 
Branches open on Saturday 10-4. Management a joke. Bad pay. Lack of job satisfaction. Expected to work unpaid from 8.30-9 and 5 - 5.30. Hide behind 'no sales targets' model.
Expectations unclear as no set targets, therefore individual performance ratings inconsistent.. Narrow minded and very slow paced environment. Micro management 
Don't trust their staff
Horrible atmosphere 
Bully culture. no room for promotion so you get stuck in a rut,. The processes keep changing due to managerial decisions. Perfect job but bit of a commute... but will to travel. Bullying, no career progression - a power and popularity contest. One or two of the heads of are frankly Satan (devil) like - but are very good at appearing like the good guys to their management. Absolutely toxic and unhealthy unless you are part of the senior management team. Even then - some of them look like they are completely drained, but continue presumably because of the high salary or the fact that they are a victim of their own success (unless their next employer wants a bulldog). Of course, the severity of your experience will depend on your line manager. There is no correlation between the companies espoused values and the actual experience. I have worked in several companies and this was by far the worst corporate experience.. Hierarchical.
Limited employee development investment.
Gaps in knowledge due to inexperience in teams.
Low bonus vs other banks.
No progressional opportunities.
Heavy reliance on long term contract staff which lowers morale amongst permanent staff members doing the same roles without the day rate.. Anyone who commenced employment post 2010 will get second rate contract of employment. Don't believe the public image about transparency and customer focus. Several business improvement ideas that would benefit the customer were turned down purely on cost.... so much for doing things differently. Jobs are offered out to those where your face fits without being advertised, candidates with relevant experience aren't even approached for secondments. Antiquated IT architecture/hardware inherited from Lloyds. Communication appears to be on a need to know basis and even then general lack of consideration by middle management of sharing with other people are impacted by change.. Not sure it will be as good the people that work in it.... Limited oportunities due to company size. Salary 
Staff retention 
High turnover of staff due to Salaries being lower in certain areas compared to Luther financial institutions. Very quiet in branches making it challenging to meet expectation. Can be asked to take overspill calls which can severely detract from productivity in other areas. They promote incompetent people from different areas as bank managers- who have no experience.
If you make one mistake then you will be a marked man.
No real recognition is given for the good you have done.
Say you finish at 5 but you actually will finish at 5:30+ and not get paid.
Don't work here if you have children they are massively inflexible when it comes to that.
Management generally put you down.
No real career progression- unless you are happy to nod your head to absolutely everything even if you know it's against TSB "principles".
Pressured to sell products but in a more "TSB friendly way"- it's always brought up in your 1-21's without fail and heaven forbid if you haven't booked a loan/mortgage/credit card.. Lack of training and personal development. Constantly changing the base location therefore requiring substantial travel.. Systems and processes. Lack of opportunities. Reward. Management don't invest in their colleagues as much as they shoud.. Suffers from legacy issues of former parent like Stone Age IT Systems, layers and layers of complexity in policies  and procedures. The training budget seems to be a drop in the deserts. Getting external training courses approved, one has to jump through so many hoops. You are always monitored, watched, observed and it creates quite a false, negative and unnatural working at atmosphere, and a lot of the training and business objectives are hypocritical and counterproductive. For example, there is an overly huge amount of 'customer experience' training which is initially meant to improve the way you interact with customers by being more natural and human, but they enforce this by 'telling' you what to say to customers and providing word scripts etc - so quite the opposite. The bank adopted a 'zero targets' policy but there is still considerable pressure to sell, almost more so than when we did have targets. Essentially, they don't really trust their employees. TSB is the sort of company where a mistake will go negatively against you for a very long time; they don't see it as an opportunity to learn - this leads on to a 'blame culture' in the bank. Training (to move up a role) is difficult - you're often promised something but it will almost never happen, and if you're proactive and prompt them, they see it as a massive hassle. A big flaw in the bank's infrastructure is most things are done through a call centre. A majority of customer enquiries cannot be dealt with in a branch, adding unnecessary time and effort and a risk of miscommunication. All of the above adds up resulting in quite low morale amongst staff which is sad because the bank has great potential.. Lot of senior roles are in London. Customers were good and bad. Negative customers put a drain on you and they are hard to negotiate with. Would not work with the public again.. Highly political environment.  If you nod you head and agree with the multiple layers of middle management you will be fine.  Disagree and suggest anything different and you will be a "marked man".

Lots of people coasting getting decent bonuses and pay rises by simply being in with the right people.

No recognition of effort put in/skills.

Poor salary vs competitors.. Bank is a mini me version of Lloyds and has legacy system and architecture of a much bigger bank which is unnecessary and which makes it too complex and very difficult to get anything done quickly - too much red tape 
Too many staff set in the former Lloyds ways which also make it difficult to simplify. Policies and procedures need a revamp. HR Need to be more supportive to the individual and not just an 0845 number - be human and put a face to the person where possible. slow progression but good  management. Morale in my area, and seemingly across the board is very low. More expectations and stress is added to the local bankers. We get shouted at and are abused by the customers and then management are always saying how we aren't meeting expectations and that we need to work harder. 

The world without targets is crumbling away. We now have expectations with figures attatched, and we are reprimanded in our weekly review meetings if we don't achieve them. It's hard to "be human" when we are also expected to plug a loan or credit card. 

Very little scope for progression. Colleagues in local banker roles are now very experienced and highly skilled. We are all expected to take on more responsibility, for exactly the same pay.

Current manager is not very supportive. Everything seems to be done for his agenda and progression, rather than for the progression of the team. 

Colleagues in my branch and surrounding branches are all looking for other jobs.. little to no opportuntiies to develop or progress
Senior Management seem to think like a big bank and not accepting of TSBs size!
lack of transparency and honesty from management
incredibly demotivated workforce
significant inexperience in senior management roles. too much paperwork, red tape. If you like to build relationships with people in your team, think twice about working here. The 'no own desk' policy in the London office generally deters you from getting to know your team mates - there aren't enough stations for everyone yet the team continually growing. If you do want to sit in a particular area, you're likely to need to get into the office just after 8am.

Looking to progress in your career? Then this probably isn't the workplace for you either. Very few people have moved upwards in one particular department, despite possessing the skills and experience. You're probably doing exactly the same job as a 'manager' but just not getting recognised/recompensed for it. This isn't great for morale.. No scope for progression
Not a professional environment (Old boys club)
Hypocritical in its "TSB values"
More often than not, the support team are under trained
They really dont care about their staff. Preach about future and how different TSB will be but until the dinosaurs leave the asylum, change will be difficult!. Repetitive, no support from management, no flexibility, unrealistic expectations, terrible pay compared to other banks, bullying from management.

A typical day in the office will almost always start with management telling staff how disappointed they are in us and how we are doing nothing right compared to other sites. The amount of stress put on staff is ridiculous and unnecessary considering it is only a call centre role.. Asked to work 7 days a week on crap shift hours for low pay.  Turnover was massive.. they didnt pay very well. There is little to no career progression prospects which is not encouraging, especially when the team is growing. Can be difficult to retain talent across the business.
Can be frustrating when you work very hard but don't get sufficient reward, especially when people at a similar or higher level may not be bothered and can coast - doesn't stack up. Can really affect your motivation.
Other teams (even within a department) can really slow down getting work done, if they aren't as bothered
Salaries lower than top banks and perks/bonus structure even more so. Poor relation to Lloyds Banking Group. 
Claim to have a flat structure, however most of the senior leadership was inherited from LBG. I.e same corporate culture. 
Still that boys club mentality.
Due to size - lack of opportunity for progression.. Pay went by how well you were liked. Uncertainty ahead but belief in senior management to manage change well for both customers and staff. Systems are very old, they do the job required but not the most user friendly I've used. However these are Lloyds systems and will be changed/updated at some point.
No longer British owned as it's about to be purchased by a Spanish bank which is a shame in my opinion.. because its smaller you will find fewer oppotunities for progrestion. Somehow disorganised and chaotic, may require long hours.
Salaries on the low side of the market.. Not much flexibility. .can be stressful. .. Promotions are few and far between, the middle managers are grouped and siloed and know how to look after number 1.
Pay rises are meagre, successful work is recognised with a well done hurrah, but seldom a bigger pay rise.
Cronyism abounds, if you have one of the chosen managers minding your back you are more likely to be successful, but this is difficult as it often is personally demeaning.
I left because I felt that I could spend a long time going nowhere at TSB.. No career progression, you progress only if they like you. Office politics culture is endemic. Very poor work-life balance, unlikely to receive promotions within the team.. poor development plan for individual. None I can think of.. Not very challenging job a a. Old school banking mentality and nepotism. busy environment and very target driven.. No staff banking products available. Really bad parking. Car park is way too small for the amount of staff.. Pay is really below market value and that’s why people move on. feels very structure at times, often moves up are limited.. Risk averse, bureaucratic, polite, drawn to external talent. managers dont know much about what the role involves. nothing really, no cons i can think of. low pay so had to move on. Feels quite corporate at times. standard call centre job, nothing new. Matrix structure hard to move up...more sideways moving
Very busy with little consumer facing wins. Bonus isn't what it's made out to be. I have no cons of working there. Workload and very low pay with high expectations. The office is a bit outside the city.. Fast pace work environment ,but you will love every minutes of your day. Management can be difficult regarding career opportunities. I have noticed a huge turnover of members of staff (a lot of people left, whilst only some have joined) ~ may indicate a sense of insecurity in regards to job opportunities/career development. Managerial job doesn't seem stable as I have had several managers during this period. Salary is not as competitive as others but other benefits are strong. Invisible targets when we were suppose to be targeted. Pay not in line with sector. no work home balance
slow tech. pension although adequate, it is far poorer than in the past. Terrible Management
Cliquey Workplace
Horrible Atmosphere in Office. Quality training and complaints training. New employees brought up to same salary of existing staff with long service. pressure for time management and shift pattern not great. Multiple product servicing for no increase in salary.. - Legacy technology and a lot of red tape around being able to deliver products in an efficient manner
- Outdated ways of working
- Career progression in the product space is made difficult by outdated structures where promotions tend to only happen on someone else resigning or going on maternity leave.. No cons for me to note. Office in an industrial estate. Technology is a bit dated. management is poor.
lack of support from TM's.
Not always paying the right amount, need to be checking your payslips to make sure its accurate.. Relies too heavily on suppliers in key areas, such as payments.. Customer based job which and the public are awful. not enough opportunities, senior management. Very very clicky unless you're mates with a hiring manager you're not going to progress here at all.. cant think of anything that is more than a slight inconvenience. No climbing up the ladder in GI department. Some very poor behaviours by managers, senior managers and Directors is brushed under the carpet and ignored despite all the talk about supporting colleagues. Very poor in terms of benefits. Just as likely to clean house rather than fix culture.. Difficult to get a pay raise, you need to leave the bank and come back which seems stupid. Lack of Working From Home. Things can be slow due to business bureaucracy. Tesco bank were quite shady when it came to me leaving and taking back holiday pay from my salary. Difficult conversations with customers on a daily basis. Slow to do anything, fairly risk averse. Lots of hoops to jump through.. Pay is inconsistent, and you are disadvantaged financially by being promoted internally.. Bullies the management and don't care about people. Poor management structure and planning. Below industry average for salary. Cliques, management, stat based, low pay for the stress. Not that I can think of. Other than career opportunity can be diminished and now having autonomy of data sources can be a drawback.. Incompetent line manager and training failed in many parts, leaving new employees to handle by themselves difficult situations like Complaints section.. Favouritism and nepotism exists there. Some TL don’t know products the manage.. It's just a job, period. Not alot of availability for last minute holidays due to customer demand. Development is stumped in Newcastle due to all the main roles being based in Scotland. Training is a bit lackluster
Technologies could be more modern. - very target/KPI driven
- very inflexible in terms of shift pattern or changes (particularly with Uni schedules/exams). Pay structure needs vastly improved.. everything, poor salary boring job useless management. If you want to get things done, you'll get frustrated. Constant restructure of department meant it was very difficult to get anything done. Too much governance at times delays a lot of decisions being made. Bit repetitive taking same calls daily. Salary a bit low compared to similar roles. Bad Management - Very Inflexible with work/life balance. Management are bullies. You dont progress unless your face fits. They don't care about mental health at all. They dont take any opinions in to consideration other than their own. When something does not work they have an "oh well" attitude. They promote people who sexually harrass women (but do it within different departments) If you dont fit in then they want you out of there.. well well well well well. Every major project or initiative in my time at Tesco Bank has been an undeniable failure. The business lags behind its competitors in almost every regard and the gap is widening. Tesco Bank doesn't have the leadership, vision or talent needed to become a successful business.

Pay and benefits are uncompetitive which has lead to poor recruitment and people being promoted above their ability as the business cannot attract the right people.

Workloads have increased considerably in many departments while staff numbers have been cut. Its not uncommon to hear of people working weekends or 10-12 hour days on a regular basis.

External consultancy is sought to the point that Tesco Bank seems incapable of running its own affairs. I don't know if the senior leadership team lack faith in their own ability, the ability of their employees, or both. 

Decision making at senior levels is slow. Relatively minor decisions often take so long that the time wasted causes more damage than if the least optimal path had been taken at the start. 

The overall strategy and direction of the business keeps changing in a way that often feels confused and contradictory.. Inexperienced first line managers who say the right things but are actually ineffective. Process can be a bit cumbersome. People who work hard don’t get rewarded. The department I worked in had a manager who was only interested in allowing the people who were friends with her the opportunities to do different tasks and learn new things.. none that I've noticed yet.. Limited work from home options. No real disadvantages to working there. Career path can be a bit limited. No work life balance
Higher managements are terrible and only think about how they can get higher. Bar one or two who do care!
They spend a lot of time talking about how to control stress but cause stress in the first place.
Hard to get holidays.
No parking 
If you do try and succceed they will set you up to fail.
Very cliquey.
Pay and systems are not the best.. Poor wage
Not much room for progression. There are no cons I can think of. People sometimes cruise in their roles and dont go the extra mile. Money only ok not the best. Hard to get the holidays you want
Pay is poor compared to competitors. None I can think of. Standard call centre job which is repetitive. Incredibly outdated systems and don’t look to be changing them anytime soon. Slow processes impact how you can service customers. Can cause a lot of unnecessary stress for the advisor and customer. I wish the contract was longer. Pay
Holidays 
Management 
Progression 
Pay to park. Management not always the best.
Face fits environment. 
Worry about calling in sick due to larger process behind the scenes
Sometimes too focussed on the bigger picture rather than smaller issues which would contribute to the  bigger picture.. Attitude towards staff
Policies
Flexible working (lack of)
Management behaviour
Bullying
Pay
Work/life balance 
Only get on if you are friendly with the line manager above you (I have been promoted within this company and still feel this way). Pay - much less pay compared to the same job at other banks.. A lot of managers micro manage, struggle for work life balance depending on the area of the business. Not massive pay rise every year. Difficult to get things done.. Project managers sometimes do tend to scope creep. Moreover there is the tendency to buy solutions and you end up with some unreliable vendors.. Sticking to old tools
Salary is not as per Market standards. lack of progression not really a way to progress further. As Glasgow office is in city centre, parking can be limited.. Slightly outdated systems in some departments. Older exec, strategy still weak in action, culture on its way up but a way to go. Low pay
Incompetant managers who dont know anything.
All managers in with each other so if your face fits you're fine if not then goodluck
Lots of tick box exercises and dont value staff just a number. Salary is not competitive enough when compared with  current industry standards. Dont look after customers
Dont deal with customer complaints effectively or treat customers fairly 
Management decide which customers to help and which ones not to. Management rotates too often to be effective. Inflexible shift pattern, Introduction of targets when all members were meeting nominal targets anyway, meaning the targets would be tightened in future. Poor leave booking system that could not be altered.. Hard to get holidays hours approved. Very cliquey terrible management no people skills treated like a leper. Stole my overtime when I left and forwarded private emails to the team.  Training and quality analysts are appalling.. Pay lower than average call centres. Not enough training. Little floor support/manager presence.. Benefits not comparable to other banks.. Silos between departments, but this is improving. Expensive staff canteen, old and slow IT equipment. Bad shift patterns
Toxic environment amongst colleagues. Bit unorganised and chaotic but certainly not the worst.. Small scale versions of many legacy issues at major banks. A stressful, difficult working environment. Stale, pal male dominated workplace. High management turnover who bring in old friends sacked from other banks and then they fall out and more people are sacked. Middle management bullies on the fast track to the top because they are mentored by senior management bullies. Humiliating in jokes are seen as acceptable and funny, making a bullied man dress as a cleaner as punishment isn't funny. Not playing along with the bullying games means you're boring. Lip service paid to diversity but not being a male puts you at a disadvantage.. None I can think of..... Lack of clear direction and strategy. Managers lack communication, Tesco Bank specific knowledge and leadership skills.. Being “led” by people you wouldn’t even hire to work for you.  Awful blame culture. Most areas can’t work well with each other, despite most of the leadership team being old friends. Brought in very expensive consultants just to get people to talk to each other rather than weeding out the toxicity, now even basic things are a full on negotiation.. Training for role is not robust.. Unreasonable insurance prices are difficult to justify to customers.. Shifts on weekends
Not enough managers. Too many people harking back to their big bank days. Too delivery focused.. Bad computer systems - need updating. Unpleasant politics. Weak, aggressive, cowardly chauvinistic leadership. Firefighting day in day out. Dog eat dog culture.  Cronyism.. Shift work can be annoying. Office out of town and hard to get things moving. Salary isnt the best and there is not much opportunity for progression. Pay could be better. Lack of opportunity to progress. latest restructure communicated badly, new vision and strategy driving these changes has not been made clear.. Senior management not very competent or credible leaders
Commitment to getting more senior women is a facade, in IT they have just made redundant or hounded out most of the senior women
Terrible bullying culture by senior managers with no HR support to tackle it
High performance as a woman isn’t recommended as you are seen as a threat. As it is a big business holiday request have to be done far in advance. No real cons pretty good. Departments being constantly relocated between sites, meaning a fair number of redundancies. Hideous management. They don't do anything.. - pay could be more competitive 
- minimum/ slim opportunity for progression. hours arent very flexible  enough. Changes to job role on regular basis, lack of stress management, inconsistent management, targets over quality, gender pay gap, lack of awareness of employment laws. Pay scale inconsistent with skill set. Bullying culture. Constant feeling of never being good enough.. Difficult to take back time accrued after finished.. Job security could be stronger.. Salary is inconsistent across sites
Senior management aren't a good representation for the bank. As much as it tries to be an amazing place to work it(the bosses & management) fail to understand and appreciate the awesome staff they have. keep on making changes that take the company sideways rather than forward.  Which after a period of time starts to really get frustrating. 

On every turn when the department is calling out for investment to improve systems and quality they turn a blind eye and penny pinch on all front. So your value in the place is just another bum on the seat.  If you want to be appreciated and valued in this job then just know your just another bum on a seat.

Also a revolving door system where staff turnover is happning every 6 - 9 months due to not being satisfied/valued in the job.

general tidyness of the workplace = very dusty and dirty.  coming away feeling like a good wash is necessary.. Can't think of anything right now. Constantly moving goalposts. Management isn't inspiring.. Not a lot of opportunity for progression
Often disorganised. Colleagues very poorly supported by People Team
Legacy senior management poorly engaged with colleagues if at all
Salaries on average well below FS benchmark
No benefits package to speak of
Annual reviews and bonus carried out using forced distribution
Treatment and support from management based on “who knows who”. Too many contractors in senior positions. - poor development options
- its not what you know but who you know
- lots of promises nothing delivered. No what so ever its amazing. Stressful
Busy
Systems
Benefits  are poor e.g. Pension. Lots of telephony work, job changes. Where do I start? Disgraceful and very unprofessional HR (one individual) . No wonder they do not recognise a Union. They do what they want with no compassion for what the ‘valued’ employee is going through. Never work here or allow your kids to be subjected to this place. Force fed values, yet a distinct lack of living them. When you dare to complain, there is a closing of ranks and a fistful of lies used. Gave it one star because there was no option to go lower.. - lack of staff during peak times. Training inadequate, no interest in hearing areas for development. Never enough staff 
Management skills aren’t always the best. Everything manager are bullies who find it hard when they need to deal with serious situations. Discriminate at Tesco for being a certain gender. Harassment is a problem but they don't do anything about it but blame the victim. Manager will gang up to get you to leave even when you are the victim. Customer are rude and horrible and they just tell you to man up. Lie to you about everything. Make you look bad when you are suffering. Anyone thinking of applying for a job at Tesco shouldn't just walk away from the chance they should run. The shift patterns aren't good and the assign car parking spaces to favourites. Gerry Mallon need to start firing people. They have values and policies that are only necessary when working in their favour.. I was told not to return to Tesco Bank after an old employer was found on a bank statement that I had unintentionally not declared due to ongoing health issues that have been ongoing for most of this year which has largely affected my memory. I suffer from multiple mental health disorders and only worked for this previous employer for a few days before going off on long term sick. I made an attempt on my own life at this time and after this have tried attempting suicide again. I have been on an assortment of different medications, been to many appointments and overall my memory of a lot of this year is completely blurred. I unintentionally left the employer out due to not remembering it as at the time all I can remember is being sectioned and dealing with trying to get through a very suicidal and depressive state of mind. For my time period of being off sick Tesco Bank asked for bank statements to prove I was able to financially provide for myself and the employer came up once they had the statement. Upon being probed about it I was completely honest about working for this employer and despite explaining my circumstances which for me is very hard to speak about, the bank did not take this into consideration. Under the Equality Act an employer is meant to make reasonable adjustments and no consideration was given to the situation and the reasons behind it. To be told at this time of year not to return to your work and then given no chance to explain yourself or meet with somebody to discuss this is absolutely repulsive. Also, the day after being told not to return to work I received a very aggressively tone phone call from a worker within the agency I got the job through being accused of turning up to work when I shouldn't have. I did not even go near the site and this was very triggering for me. As someone with mental health issues, firstly losing your job is horrible. Then to have someone calling the next day stating someone within the bank has accused me of turning up to the building and requesting me to be removed from the building is just so unprofessional. I was already very distressed from being turned away and felt the miscommunication and the phone call about me turning up to the bank again when I didn't was something that could have been prevented entirely. I also found it extremely unfair that I was allowed to work within the company for 6 weeks and then only given a days notice. A decision which was made off of 3 days which I did not declare due to mental health reasons. A decision made by someone higher up who did not know me, had not spoken to my manager or knew about my performance. A decision which did not take into account the immense amount of suffering I went through during this time period and this was why I made one simple mistake. I'm very, very disappointed in how Tesco Bank has handled the entire situation and the emotional upset I was put through and how mentally triggering it has been for me. If you want to work for a company that takes care of employees with mental health disorders, do not go to Tesco Bank. That is all I can say about them.. Old school management mean it's hard to implement proper practices and get really into DevOps. Company lacks direction and leadership, business decisions often directly contradict objectives.. Depending on the role, the work can be monotonous.. Constant change, no consistence in operation. The senior management staff are a bit up them self.. 0 chance of being promoted unless you're a perfect god on the phones, no colleague loyalty.. progression not based on work. Trainings poor, systems arnt great. Claim to be a “non-target” focused company, however you are constantly monitored when not meeting your “aspirations” and constantly comparing you to the department average to make sure it improves.

Almost impossible to get summer holidays unless you book them far in advance.

Usually always long call queues, mostly down to understaffing.

Some of the managers are great but others clearly don’t want to be there & give no support.. Cant think of any cons for now. The benefits for level 1 employees are ridiculous although they work really hard. The transparency and communication could be much better however this is different from one team to another.. Salary compared to same job with other companies.. Difficult to get easy things done
Too many complex processes
Everything has to be done the Tesco Bank way irregardless of best practices. The only issue is that you cannot offer your shifts for other people to simply take up as extra shifts, the only way you can do this is a shift swap where you must swap one of your shifts for someone elses. This makes it harder to get time off without using up holidays and also if you just want to do extra hours. Overtime is available but it is limited. Also, I had to work 9-5 every single Saturday which after a while was ruining my weekends. Of course, I could go out on a Saturday night and have the full Sunday off but after the shift, you leave mentally drained and it starts to become a heavy burden on your personal life.. Wages are low for what you do.  Training is very slow. Typical call centre salt mine, staffed in the main by overweight 20 somethings who still live with their parents and have the emotional maturity of babies, patchy training and dreadful support from people who may be able to write a text message or facebook post but utterly unable to communicate at any basic or meaningful level, take themselves far too seriously and their own customers do not appear to rate them at all. Pointlessly micromanaged on toilet breaks as with any call centre if the staff are not working on the phones then chances are they are utterly inept and incompetent,cliques abound , another soulless corporate entity we could all live with out. not many only thing is further career progression. Location, facilities, career progression, senior people, slow pace. unprepared at times for ramp up or new projects. bad management, high staff turnover, low wages for amount of work, no career progression, no morale amongst colleagues, blame culture.... when you ask a manager for help, they are clueless and if you don’t get it right they are quick to point the finger..... management don’t lead by example. Constantly monitored, you even need to explain yourself if you go to the toilet. Even if you start work early and finish much later than scheduled, you are taken aside if you are 1 minute over your lunch hour....(yes, 1 minute!)- never given any thanks for all the extra time you have put in. Not worth it at all.. Somewhat opaque when it comes to choices for career progression. Line manager is highly supportive of my chosen career, but less information is available for my opportunities within the bank itself on jobs which could lead on from my current position.. awkward to get to, unless you drive - especially for evening shifts. I cannot say anything that were cons. Small bank leads to high pressure to perform in order to meet goals. Not a lot of room for growth, it comes through vacancies. You need to move to Edinburgh if you want to get on - it’s very elitist. office is out of town and very big, not very airy. No real progression 
Company needs to update technology to keep up with the bigger banks. For the risk taken by Fraud Investigators, they should be paid more.  Upper Management have the power to increase pay but will not act on it.  Staff have to do constant overtime to have enough money to afford their home and life so not a good work-life balance.. Lack of training and development. Management can't make up their minds on processes. Keep coming up with stuff that only gets implemented half the time. Too sales focused and too much pressure to sell. treated like children with regards to breaks. Always changing processess and objectives.. holidays not approved
not enough holiday allocation for amount of staff during a year
team leaders chosen not for capability but who’s backside they have their head up. Culture has shifted from one of can-do to one too influenced by old-school big bank thinking.. Can't get holidays approved ,poor pay , poor work life balance. Too easily were people dismissed for very little. Feel that other companies pay more for what you do .. Salary not up to much, bonus dependent on company perforemance, loss of autonomy recently within the team manager role and things can be a bit disorientated.. A bit stuck between agile and waterfall
Project minded. No progression opportunities. All senior roles seem to be recruited from external sources meaning no internal promotion, leading to a greater issue with more junior staff not being able to move up to a new role. This is down to the inflexible, and highly unfair flat structure that exists. 

Lowest levels of staff (level 1) are treated appallingly at times, unrealistic time scales set on tasks and no clarity given on purpose. These types of tasks are usually handed over and the ‘do a good job and this may help with the level 2’ promotion grade carrot is dangled. 

Development across the bank appears patchy and dependent on who you have in your corner supporting your application, if development isn’t deemed role appropriate you get no support at all.  Internally the training offering is poor, leadership courses have halted for the time being, general ‘softer skills’ training happens on an ad-hoc basis and is often offered following results of a poor staff survey round.. Poor pay and tight deadline. limited career progression, managment unsure how to manage. There's never any holidays when you want to take any and if you're not the managers favorite, you have no chance of getting them. Management have favorites and there's a lot of backstabbing, rumors and bullying goes on. Little to no support once out of grad bay and you get blamed for things that weren't your fault, even if you have been advised to do so . Training is overall bad and many people who have been there a while still have no clue what they are doing. You get spoken to like rubbish by customers on a regular basis and managers will only step in when it absolutely necessary, you are basically left to deal with everything. The location can be a nightmare for people who don't drive, especially if you are on an 11pm finish.. The retail side of the business sometimes doesn't appreciate what's involved with the financial services side (but then it's probably the same the other way round!). Not enough pay too many hours working weekends. Office could be quite cliquey at times. Insurance can be challenging. Fail to reward experience once in the job, new employees start on higher salary than experienced employees. Training can be tedious 
Processes can be worked on. - lied at interview about just being about customers whereas it's all about stats.
- managers are unprofessional and have certain favourites, if want to get somewhere.
- systems are very outdated.
- the managers sold drugs at the 2016 Xmas party, we told higher managers but nothing got done.
- very unprofessional, there was not a dress code policy so on a daily basis you had colleagues coming in, in joggers, tracksuit bottoms, shorts and a t-shirt. 
(( this is relating to the Tesco bank in quorom business park, Newcastle upon Tyne. Worked there for 16 months)).. Booking holidays can be tough - availability isn't always there and whilst you can book in advance for summer and Christmas periods it still isn't guaranteed.. Not much flexibility in terms of work and family balance which was needed after baby. - Can only progress if your in the inner circle and friends with higher management
- who you know not what you know. Poor systems, cross skillimg and system work arounds making what should be an easy job a hard one. Old office furniture causes back ache. Having to score the place well in surveys to get a bonus.. A "bank" being ran as if it's a supermarket. Policy and procedures the same as in stores. 
Everyone who starts at Tesco "Bank" is given a CSR title regardless what role they work. This is no accident, this is so they can do what they please with you and give you a nominal CSR salary.
When Tesco "Bank" first started hiring they got it badly wrong, they would hire people and offer them whatever it took to get them in the door. No structure to pay, no reasoning to paying someone more or less for the exact same role.
That had now created a huge discrepency  in pay throughout the company.
They have now realised this but it's too late but still haven't sorted it. 
You still have people starting on a wage higher than those who are in the same role for years.
Also you have employees who tuped over from RBS on over inflated salaries which isn't there fault but causes a culture of lazy self intitled workers.
Management has no structure to it. No actual support for managers or development program to train them. I don't blame Team Leaders for being as poor as they are because they don't get the support or help. Most of them have been cherry picked by ex tsb managers to do there work for them in the team for "development".
The majority of managers are not capable of there core responsibilities, coach, mentor, develop and motivate. 
Disaplinary policies in the company are decent but not being utilised correctly by management, main the absence policy. If you are ligitamily unwell for more than 3 days you could face a formal sanction. No support for unwell colleagues or colleagues with long term medical problems. 
Mental health issues is a huge issue in the company. 70% of absence is attributed to this and the management team do nothing to support this or make a difference.. I could type about this for a day and still not run out. 
Poor systems which they wont fix I have errors daily which effect how I can do my job. This also has effect on customers security and has been an issue since Feb they still havent fixed that. A person was recently promoted not on merit but because they allowed a manager to stay at there house. There are 2 seperate contact centres which leads to an us and them divide. They tell you there are no targets at interview (they still do a year down the line) and then say they have indicators. If something can lead to you loosing your job its a target. The call queue is king but they dont aknowledge that they have created it by sending confusing letters to customers and failing to close products correctly. But then the pressure is on the advisor to fix there mess. Cheques are taking weeks to be cleared and the stores tell customers to go to a real bank.. there are few work flexibility options. Constant pressure due to targets, endless calls.
Salary not particularly good but okay comparing to other call centers in the area.. Management dont have a clue,
call after call for credit cards
managers all stand chatting while people are looking for help.. Low salaries, analysts are paid less than graduates. They treat back office staff like CSRs e.g. timed toilet breaks and only 3 sick days/2 sickness instances per year for analysts.. Too much hierarchy . Less would work. Highly political and clicky. Atmosphere not the greatest.. Lack of management presence and ability. holidays can be hard to get booked in. - High turnover of staff as it is such a depressing job and process makes it difficult to help customers
- Almost impossible to book holidays
- Constant changing of management, many of them are deliberately unhelpful and difficult to work with
-Training does not prepare you for job role
-Systems are so outdated. High turnover in staff
Favouritism among managers and those in charge
Not flexible in regards to changing shifts
Not enough staff in terms of servicing customers. The pace is very slow and the business lacks a connected focus. 
For a small organisation, it's very governance heavy, hierarchical and traditional.. Holidays are a nightmare to get. 
No work life balance. 
Discriminated for being generally ill. 
Pay is shocking for the job. 
If you don't know higher management you will get nowhere.  And if you do know higher manager and consider them friends, do whatever they tell you (you know what I mean by that, licky licky)  then you will be favouritised no matter what you do. 
Office politics are awful. Expect management to be amazing to your face but constantly bad mouth you behind your back.. Terrible pay for job completed. no good work quality, onsites. poor leadership and delivery of projects. Salary isn't great compared to other companies.

Huge variance in salary.  Older staff who TUPE'd over are on much larger basics with no real incentive to progress.

Change is quite often reactive rather than being proactive.. none that i can think of. New business so  several restructures and process/business changes in the last few years, which may have caused colleagues to feel uncertain about their future prospects. 
Communication between areas can be constricted, with some areas excluding themselves from the bigger picture.. Difficult to get time off. Long hours and bad middle management. A tad slow and mundane. Often saying the same thing over and over again. You need to be able to handle repetition.. Poor management of how they talk to staff is poor and make them feel inadequate and does not boost confidence to do their job. Computer systems out of date very hard to navigate and too many word abbreviations to remember to navigate from page to page on customers account. Looks like an 1980's system with black and green screen. Shift patterns as promised not given. Excuse of these are popular shifts and can't be given. End up working late nights.. I don't know of many, it depends on you. So much bureaucracy and politics gets in the way of getting things done. Internal politics can create difficulties. Difficult to get promoted to a gathering band role.. Its difficult to get holidays approved even when you have hours that need to be used up. There is not really much room for progression unless you are "in" with the managers.. Nothing I can think of. Nothing gets done, projects never go live, ideas never take off. It's a very frustrating place to work, where everything moves at a glacial pace, and unnecessary processes often hinder progress.. Career progression can be difficult to come by
Very strict adherence to efficiencies. -Repetitive calls.
-Lack of Holiday availability to part time staff.
-Lack of staff on certain shifts.. Alas, political problem slow progress. Complaints procedure is poor.. Decisions are not made at appropriate level, therefore the pace of change is very slow.. Out of city location which is a little isolated. The structure Benefits Pay Opportunities. Benefits package is poor. Salary is typically average compared to other businesses with no reward for over achievement.. Not enough staff old systems. Difficult having no previous insurance experience. Management sometimes reluctant to take over difficult calls.. Systems and maybe a lack of a joined up approach. Needs to be more link up regards to customers and the products they have. Everything monitored to last second 
No "sales" but there is. - Majority of management have no clue. 
- Shift patterns are atrocious. 
- Too many secretive, sly people try to make there way to the top not caring about knocking people down on there way up. 
- You're brought in with the assumption of "no stats" which is a lie (depending on what "manager" was on)
- Complete lack of communication from managers & those higher up!
- Absolute zero recognition for hard working staff members. 
- There is occasionally times where you can work your way up (if your face fits, of course). - Too many silos
- Culture of secrets; people can be very conspiratorial and strategically hoard information
- People quick to blame others when things inevitably go wrong
- RBS like culture of poisonous politics, nepotism and point scoring
- Little or no transparency between leadership team and managers
- Culture of snobbery; if you're a WL1, watch out because some people will look down on you
- Massive gap in benefits between WL1 and WL2, especially around bonus payment
- Lack of direction and poor execution of the bank's vision by the leadership team
- Processes, processes, processes; trying to get stuff done is like death by 1,000 cuts
- IT strategies aren't fit for purpose
- Innovation is rare and IT systems are a massive hindrance to doing the job
- VDI not fit for purpose
- "Jobs for the boys" culture means progression can be difficult if you're not friendly with the right people
- Some teams try to work in an Agile manner but are thwarted but waterfall rules
- Bank is treated like just another store
- Four weekly pay schedule makes budgeting very difficult. The lack of applying the Tesco Values.  They were aptly described as values that should act as a moral compass on the decision making in the bank.  Too few Senior Managers/Leaders applied them in their decision making and working there felt more like a typical RBS subsidiary.
The benefits are not as competitive compared to competitors.. Need to streamline processes and make things a bit easier but they  have the right intentions and feel they're working to improve this.. some awful people in team leader positions that hindre the company, they blagged a job by talking a good job and then cannot deliver and wander around drinking cost coffee and going to 'meetings'.

The management dont listen to staff concerns i.e wages, shifts and the results of the annual survey (pen pushing exercise) are just swept under the carpet.. If your face doesnt fit dont expect to get anywhere. Certain member of staff flit from job to job, which are never advertised, these are normally "development opportunities.
If you are lucky enough to get an interview for an internal position be aware it may have already been filled but the interview is just an excuse to appear everything has been done fairly. Staff doing the same job for vastly different sums of money.. can be strict, not everyone on equal pay. small company mentality is there, some red tape too. There isn't progress if you want to follow your career.. WL1 Maternity benefits only kick in after 2 years service.. Try to be less like a traditional bank. After CIO change in 2014. they struggle to organize themselves, lots of "land grabbing" and too much "political games". New "management" don't have vision, there is no strategy in place and there are no leadership at all. Nobody want to take responsibility for anything. High staff turnover, badly organized, no cross talk between project areas.
Barely any opportunities for progression, based on "popularity" and not merit.
Salary stagnant and no wage rises.. Limited opportunities for development
Didn't allow you to move teams
Strict on working hours. Never have I worked for a more unorganised, unprofessional company.  Strategies, where they do exist, are unthought through, change regularly and lack insight and vision.  
Nepotism is rife.
Almost entirely run by ex-RBS employees, simply creating RBS with a different badge.. Job is very repetitive and you are just sitting answering the phone all day so job wasn't really for me I just done it for extra money to finish uni!. Very limited progression offered
Not many opportunities to develop. Very flat structure hence limited opportunities. People were paid different salary for the same job. Senior Management were only concerned with the number of complaints resolved. Asking for annual leave was a nightmare - akin to names out of a hat!. High staff turnover, badly organised, no cross talk between project areas so they keep tripping over each other's feet, amazingly lax attitude to putting products live that aren't 100% tested and working.  I've seen a couple of people hung out to dry over project failures by senior people to cover their own arses,  but they were doomed from the start due to insufficient prep and requirnents , maybe I hit a bad seam but a lot of the people I'm working with either are leaving or want to,. there was no way to increase this even with good performance. Some uncertainty around structures which appear to be easing off. New challenger bank which feels like it still has to find its place in the market.. Just a few points I'd like to raise.

Why split from RBS if you just keep hiring in senior positions?? That's right, there has been a big drive to hire ex RBS staff. If this continues, business will fail as RBS did and still does.

Again, the CSR'S keep this company going. There are the only point of contact for the customer. The management in Edinburgh are completely disconnected from the customer and are dreaming up business cases that make no sense and have no bearing on what really happens. The research on the customer is minimal to none. 

Forget anything you have done outside Tesco or the financial services. They will not recognise it. I guess that's why they hire ex RBS...

Old systems any unlikely to change.

A lot of yes men and women.

Waterfail... sorry waterfall is everywhere.. Spend your time trapped in a tiny box, usually alone.  Single terminal sites mean that you have to fit in serving customers around checking paperwork on a daily, weekly, monthly basis.  Pointless rules and procedures gradually kill your enthusiasm and passion for your business.  The salary does not compensate for the mind numbing routine.  Busy periods mean that you are unable to leave the box for your lunch breaks and even getting out to go to the toilet can result in customers complaining that they have been unable to collect orders or purchase currency.. The bank is slow to pick up new technologies
Staff don't have the right tools to deliver their best. Happy to let experienced and knowledgeable staff resigns due to the inconsistency regarding pay.  But happy to replace them with inexperienced staff with no knowledge on much higher salaries.  They do nothing to retain staff.  They can't even live the values they preach. "Treat people how they want to be treated". Well all we wanted was to be treated the same.. Hamstrung by legacy supermarket and RBS systems and processes. Inconsistent strategy, changing direction every couple of months. Tendency for some Execs and personnel to transport across from the supermarket with insufficient FS experience to understand the regulatory implications of their actions. Poor salary, progression and opportunities available. Impossible to get holidays at weekends 
Managers unfamiliar with product 
Customers can be difficult 
Prehistoric system for such a massive company. Customers can be challenging, being on the phones from 9-5 can be hard work.. Barely any opportunities for progression, based on "popularity" and not merit.
Salary stagnant and no wage rises.
Punished for mistakes of the larger Tesco brand.
Inconsistency amongst customer facing operations and back office. 
Not enough respect given to those who are the face of the brand.. Terrible shift patterns, no room for progression, same calls, only want them to be 3 minutes, no opportunity to build rapport and dispite them saying it is isn't a sales job with targets...well it is!. Didn't spend enough time to realize them. No progression and not an option for a long term career. They are very closed about wages and bonuses.  Not all departments work in the same way and some areas it can come across as a 'face fits' environment.. Very little work life balance for phone line staff, although the do surveys and town hall meetings the management do not always listen to staff about concerns.. Managers are stuck up and mean.  They bully ethnic minorities and expect you to work 12 hour shifts while having no work life balance and still have time to commit to over time.  Support system was insufficient, the atmosphere is not a good onexample.. The Exec team are given a pass on living the values, a real who you know culture. Lack of clear strategy.. Poor management
HR to small and are very manipulative (Follow a text book and very old school) in laymans terms extremely sly.. Location would be better if it was in the center of Newcaste. Says they are different but follows the rest of pack and is some cases barely catches up. Very poor communication around all sites. Engagement with employees is non-existent at times. No progression at my site unless face fits or prepared to move to Scotland! Out of date systems and processes.. There's a lot of red tape to get simple things changed on the website
There's too many managers (work level 2 and above) and not enough people doing work (work level 1)
Colleagues are unwilling to help, making changes even harder
You get paid every 4 weeks, rather than each month, meaning you have 13 smaller paycheques instead of 12 regular ones. This leads to liquidity problems for your finances. Terrible location, very poor management. Not always opportunity to progress. High volume of calls need to deal with without getting a break on the phones. 
Tough when monitoring calls, need to be very specific and follow the call script exactly.. Location for one and the fact that it is a small company, you are likely to max out on what the company can offer to you pretty soon if you are ambitious. I won't say that this a company you can easily think about staying for more than 10 years for example. Nepotism runs rife throughout the bank (it's a well known issue), time after time after time management roles are provided to the ops managers current favourites or who's managed to kiss enough butt to make sure they've merited that extra pat on the head. So many cliques within the credit cards department, a lot of the old rbs staff really do think they own the place: chargebacks, section 75 and fraud genuinely believe they are gods and will take great pleasure in treating you with contempt should you cross their paths.
The poor understanding & practice of employment rights can be staggering, make sure you fully understand your rights and defend them as they will walk all over them & you if you don't.
Ops managers are deluded into believing that they WMTY results are a true reflection of moral and how people feel, just try giving a negative response as many in my team did 2 years ago and be prepared to be hauled into a room and questioned intently as a team as to why some had the audacity to respond in this way.. Systems could use updating. Management styles may need to change. We have been through a rough year and things might not be as upbeat as they used to be but we are getting back there slowly. IT systems and teams are in a chaotic state, many new high up people have appeared to try and sort them out but the problems are massive (it feels like there's a new Head Of in a key department every month, they come, they stay for a bit, then they leave) - Huge staff turnover in the HQ leaving many low-level teams unable to cope with expected outcomes (ability to support/know how systems work).. Max 7.5% matching contributory pension. Reasonable for a supermarket, not for a Bank.. There is a limited bonus package. I have worked her for a few years now and although everything isn't perfect, you always have people to talk to about it. There isn't much in the area, other than the gym, but its pretty close to a Metro Station. I know we moan about the sifts but in line with other call centers, I believe they are structured and have flexibility.  The business will endeavor to accommodate staff when faced with emergency appointments.. I have been at Tesco for over 5 and whilst like every other company it is not perfect the amazing people that we work with makes it easy to come in day after day. The management are not interested about your job or your wellbeing. They are much more focused on targets (although according to them it is not a target driven bank!!}). They are far too focused on getting new customers and not taking any time or attention on excising customers. I worked there from 2012 on the basic starting salary of £17,400, when I left in 09 2015 I was still on the same salary. Whenever a member of staff  left you would be replaced by someone who doesn't have a clue what they are doing in the role with 0 previous experience.. The job is a bit process-heavy, and the computer systems are crazily dated for a company of such size and wealth. There are no cons what you see is what you get open and transparent a great place to work for full and part time roles. Strategic management  and vision is weak mainly in Product Commercial and Marketing, No obvious desire to be different. The teams below have no compelling projects to work on.

The Insurance Business is in complete chaos, namely their Marketing function due to very poor leadership, ethics and values. 

The Bank side is not   really a bank, it is still only a Financial Services provider, which uses price as its key tool to remain competitive. As they say in the industry- a race to the bottom. No desire to introduce the 'every little helps' within each product that stands them apart from the market.

The Bank can't catch up to the big banks. Unless it executes a leapfrog strategy, they will continue to be behind the latest innovation as the big banks are now innovating very well and have scale to test things and fail and still make money. 

It appears to small a business to offset any loss. Products must make money in their own P&L which make it impossible to be competitive and profitable

There is no genuine product innovation to get behind,  which causes the rest of the business to trip over itself reworking poor marketing creative and price adjustments that make no real difference as the market just responds, cancelling all the hard work by the teams out.

It is essentially a Credit Card business which make up the majority of its customers.  However,
a congested Credit Card portfolio and offer  poor ClubCard rewards on the cards given they are still part of Tesco Retail 

The current account has failed. Will take a year+ to rebuild a better one. The product is just a weak copy of the bigger banks without the actual cross sale strategy in place as most customers have already got the cross sale product given they started their relationship with a loan/card/savings account etc. 

It really is still doing the same things Banks did in the early 2000's to a large degree. Churning out DM, leaflets and occasional press ads and alot of emphasis in stores, none of which can be measured properly and contributes little to their volume given the effort that goes into producing it.

 A clearer website or digital vanity projects like a community or an Insurance forum based on a very poor and Bike forum can't hide the lack of strategic digital innovation.

There is no genuine desire to create an obvious commercial relationship with Tesco to give customers good incentives to buy from Tesco Bank and get access to the best of Tesco. There is so much unrealised potential but commercial continue to drop x basis points on price or go for quick wins.

The Tesco Bank brand is non existent now, has never been encouraged or pushed. Direct Response is a fickle world where brands are still very important yet where the bank spends its awareness money or otherwise is in the wrong places. The brand team have nothing to do except pick blue or pink for the latest creative going under their nose for approval instead of empowering the marketeers to use their own judgement. Their is no appetite to fail or get it wrong, make a mistake but let people fix them and learn. Training is poor and essentially half of marketing can't learn more about offline marketing, all want to do digital but are not allowed to do it properly. 

WL3 management are quite poor generally with no Charisma and leadership stand-out qualities-  all hand picked into roles they have no or little experience of and do very little in terms of leading and just collect the working teams work and pass it upwards to look good or busy. I rarely saw a WL2 being promoted to a 3 for genuine effort or was deserved.

A serious issue is the congestion caused at all work levels mainly WL2's and the 3's which creates tension, insecurity and a business with no advancement prospects. All WL1's want to be 2's despite the role just not being justified or they are not acquiring real testing experience to merit it.
  
All of this creates a poor working atmosphere, constant challenging, aggression, delays to make decisions, lack of accountability, with everyone trying to out-do each other to get noticed as the business has very little going on 

They do not live the values they preach. Never has a company placed so much emphasis on Values yet the leaders create a culture which has no regard for genuine values. Taking people with you, empowerment, management accepting challenges from their teams. None of that actually happens.

Very little chance of promotion. It is all about looking sideways. Learning to be rounded. All HR sayings for you're largely going nowhere unless somebody vacates a job.

If you ask people if they enjoy what they are working on, alot will tell you no but it's a job. What a shame as it doesn't have to be like that,.... A 'big bank' process culture exists that seems to emanate from the large proportion of RBS management and senior managers. This culture gets in the way of delivery- meaning that colleagues and teams get frustrated at the lack of progress. It is now 12 months since future state change process was first talked about in CIO and absolutely nothing has happened to introduce it. 
The desire to focus on retail rather than financial services benefits, processes and methods of working is hampering the success of the organisation.. Nothing that I can think of. It can be difficult to make changes sometimes.. Many ex RBS staff so this culture still dominates. Salary structure didn't make sense, specialized jobs coming under "customer service rep". Employees weren't valued. Ops managers acting like the budget came from there own pockets. No team moral. No salary rise.. Huge staff turnover
Management don't leverage the skills within their teams 
Constant reorganisation and attrition contributes to a lack of ownership 
Management structure means it's hard to develop a career path
Overall package isn't great, so if you've not negotiated a decent base, it's unlikely to compare with other similar roles in FS. Its a call center at the end of the day, systems need updating and lack of training in certain areas. Benefits are not great. Most of the good roles are based in Edinburgh. Constant change. IT leadership is weak and slow to react, and has allowed the function to slip into a spiral of decreasing morale, uncontrolled attrition and with huge gaps in key knowledge. Looking on the bright side, work-life balance is now great, as no-one cares enough to do more than the minimum.. I'd avoid Tesco for at least another year - unless contracting. A major restructure has caused upheaval across the bank, which has been dogged by poor leadership. The process was kicked off in December 2014 with a number of senior managers being marched off the premises like criminals - those left behind were aghast. This was followed by 2 months of uncertainty over Xmas before lower level redundancies. The knock on effect has been far more people leaving voluntarily - including myself. Add to that an ongoing pensions review that strips away any benefit of working at Tesco, bar 10% off your shopping. 
All written with a heavy heart, as was with the Bank from the start and so sad to see a company regress in terms of culture.. Tesco Bank offers a range of great opportunities to staff, as long as your face fits or you are part of the many cliques.  Managers are given their roles time and time again based on how much they are willing to suck up to their superiors, and more often than not prove to be entirely useless in their role.
Jobs are advertised when they have already been promised to one of the teachers pets.
Advisors are expected to coach other staff but are given no time to do so, and are penalised for their after call work or admin time (which they were in to help someone else).
Staff morale is extremely low due to way they are treated.
Jobs are being cut but with very little communication. Shift patterns do not allow for any work/life balance and are "tweaked" regularly but never for the better.
No career progression.
No innovation.
Do not utilise the knowledge of base level staff.
Face fits culture.
Cliques that need breaking up.
Antiquated systems.
Inconsistency needs addressing.. some business processes do not map well to it processes.. A dysfunctional and chaotic environment where the word 'strategy' is thrown around but rarely practiced. Decisions are often made in haste and without proper long term planning, which results in significant impact on staff morale, development and wellbeing. I saw too many great colleagues bullied, exhausted and eventually quit. The senior leaders, especially in commercial and marketing functions are best described as wannabe Gordon Gekkos. Sadly having been with Tesco Bank through its best years, it's now a shadow of its former self.. 1. Blame culture means people are more concerned with covering their backsides than doing any work.
2. Leadership intent on playing silly power games than leading from the front.
3. Open support from senior management and HR for managers who unashamedly harass and bully valuable team members out of their jobs (I would implore that if you see a role in GI Marketing come up, you give it a wide berth to avoid falling prey to their sociopathic marketing director)
4. Complete and utter disregard for doing the right thing by their customers - apparently internal politics are more important than staying true to values.. Recent cutting of posts (at all levels) has left many staff unsettled and overworked. The pace of change can be too fast to enable staff to do a good job. Different departments are in silos and it can take a while to learn your way around the structure. The link with Tesco supermarkets is not always beneficial: there can be some reflected reputational damage. The superb "defined benefit" pension scheme is about to be replaced by a much less advantageous "defined contribution" pension scheme.. Not a lot of transparency between senior management and advisors. Often found out about things affecting the business via the media before being told by management, rather than the other war round.. Your face must fit and very cliquey. They talk about values but don't seem to live by them. A lack of direction in some of the support departments. The business was quickly set up without much thought about how certain aspects of the business was run - so they hired contractors who do not always make the best decisions for the long term. This has now been sorted out and by all accounts its a decent place to work.. Prone to change very quickly and normal daily job could be changed at will to help other departments.. Operates in silos.  No real benefits to working here, average salary, average perks.. Poor benefits package for a financial services company. Eg low holiday allocation, poor bonus rate for grade I'm on, no health care, very limited staff discounts.. The structure is all wrong. The senior management don't empower their staff to make decisions - when they are allowed to make decisions, they're normally reversed.
The company would benefit from a strategic review. The structure is very complex, making it near on impossible to get decisions made as there are just far too many stakeholders all with different view points.
They are not, repeat not, a digital bank. They won't invest in the digital infrastructure, so they can't get the basics right.
The senior managers won't take risks - so the commercial approach is to copy what competitors are doing rather than taking a lead.. The most simple things are made impossible because of slow, almost frozen financial services processes. Smallest changes are made almost impossible. New ideas are not welcome, and if welcome, not achievable. Money is spent the wrong way, big time. Technical environment is a disaster. Most people are not concerned or interested by what they do. There is a general lack of passion and talent (some people are really talented though, but they're totally wasted there.) There is a big lack of consistency all over the place. Teams do not work together nor communicate, which lead people to not being aware of what's going on in other teams, even not being aware of major projects they should be involved in. 

A good company for people who do no need to feel either useful or efficient, do not need to produce things they can be proud of. If you're able to deal with that, plus the quite boring atmosphere, they'll reward you with a nice paycheck.. The main challenge was that the company was fairly new when i joined and there was a lot of uncertainities that it was just nice to be sure on. I am sure that it will have changed now (as it is a few years older now). Moreover, it was fairly limited in terms of progression outside this role/. There is not a huge amount of flexibility for changing shift patterns or getting time off approved if it's already taken. Although, you are given a lot of opportunity to get days off required e.g. shift swaps with other offices.. Terrible leadership, blame culture, underpaid, undermotivated, no clear vision, corner cutting. Avoid working here at all costs!. Not as slick as one would think. But willing to make changes to improve. Sometimes the size of the organisation means decisions take longer to make and implement.
The role that i was given on my return from maternity leave was not really fitting my background and skills, however the company did its best to give me flexible working arrangement.. not a  great salary. Lack of people focus, weak leadership, high pressured in comparison to other FS organisations.. Can get tedious if working full time.
Some customers can be awful!. If you are not ex-Royal Bank Of Scotland Insurance your chances of advancement are nil. All the senior staff came from there (RBS used to run the Tesco financial brands on their behalf) & they have taken over the poisonous culture from that company with them.

Nepotism & favourism are regarded as management perks, and woe betide anyone that speaks up about it.

If you happen to support the correct football club or the team leaders have the hots for you, you can get away with near murder with both customers and time keeping - they'll make sure it never comes to senior management's attention.

But if the team leader doesn't like your face, expect them to waste time meant to be helping the team instead looking for calls to fail you on (even if it means a delay in the routine call feedbacks to the team at large). One woman in my section with over 20 years in banking and regular "Blue calls" was fired for repeated call failing - all within 4 months of us acquiring a new student team leader who said he hadn't time for "dogs" & spent more time attempting to chat up "talent" or playing with his smartphone than doing his job.

The result of the above is people get stressed out if they find their team given a new team leader, as its a lottery that can determine whether they will have a future or will find themselves with an unfair black blot on their work record from some student team leader's power trip.. Not competitive against other banks compensation, still tied to the retailer model (including holidays which were very low allocation)
Sometimes trying to do too much at once
Slow to market for products such as current accounts means that they are missing the opportunity to capitalise on the poor perception of other banks.. Rate of growth could be too much for some. I loved the Tesco Vision and Values but there were some who had come from a banking background who didn't take to the more personable aspects of "the Tesco Way".. Communication can be poor at times, not a great a pay rise in comparison to other companies.. Stagnant personal or career growth opportunities. Company is not evolving with technology
Work is very boring and no communication from teams around the bank
Don't care about their staffs health or progression
Work is flexible if you like to work till your exhausted. Everything. Management is poor. No support. Wages are below average they promise wages will be made up with an annual bonus, this however is not correct despite what they will try and tell you. They expect no end from you and when you ask for something in return, they are not available to assist. Management is the poorest I have seen within any company. I would highly recommend not applying to work here if you are looking to progress within your career and want to work at a place you will like as this is where most of your time will be spent.. Relatively less opportunities than in larger banks. Turnaround in leadership was often. This meant constant change was introduced across different areas every few months with employees never getting the opportunity to settle. Not good for team morale and it left many feeling neglected.. Salary bandings could be more transparent. Divisional silos still in place but work to improve that; review and sign-off processes could be tighter and quicker. More needs to be done to get staff in different locations to mingle. The management was a bit clique. This company has a bunch of career bankrupts who tightly hold positions at the senior management level without having ethical values and would do every thing to keep their jobs and to be on the payroll because no other company would employ them; and that they play dirty office politics and very unfairly eliminate those who have the real knowledge and commitment; and very sadly the HR is on their side without even asking for the evidence!. Lack of management
HR appalling
Bullying in the workplace. Difficult to think of anything.. Felt a little short-handed at times. Continued restructuring of underwriting teams. - Senior Management do not seem on the ball in terms of what middle managers are doing around day to day people management. 
- Controls lacking in certain areas
- Pay structure is not transparent and neither is bonus payout (they will just give what they want)
- Lack of training and development for I.T. staff (tiny budget for 2020 which was insufficient)
- Micro-management
- Lack of empathy. poor management
the pressure can be too much. Lack of career development and opportunity. Management team are awful, no Direction or real Leadership which led to huge confusion, frustration and anger. 

Human Resource team are only there for the Senior Management, no support for staff on the ground what so ever, they had a lump it or like it attitude. No signs of the output from the numerous "Staff Surveys" ever benefitting the broader staff at all 

Money being wasted in all the wrong areas, with the biggest money wasters being promoted rather than shown the door

Complete lack of training and / or promotional prospects. Management sets unrealistic project timescales. Bad place to work you have to keep telling the top hierarchy of the team that you are needed in the company to keep the job.. Unsupportive culture, extremely political. Mediocre managers. Lack of investment in systems and people. Expectations to run a manual process for everything. Teams are too lean and constantly fire fighting. Managers do not take responsibility.. 1) Poor management: promoting people that aren’t prepared to management positions is (most of the times) a recipe for disaster, because they tend to behave like bosses (not leaders), trying to get respect using senseless authority instead of setting an example and respecting the team

2) Distorted corporate culture: the impression is that the company prefers to forget facts and logic to protect incompetent managers instead of listening to people’s feedbacks regarding bad leadership and the unpleasant work environment

3) Lack of transparency: job specs that don't correspond to reality (source of frustration and disappointment). Poor management and office culture. Heavy red-tape and bureaucracy, bad management. Still do not embrace wfh culture. Speed of change  within organisation. Poor Managment, the worst I've seen not approachable 
No Training or training plans in place
No understanding of job role, left to figure it out for yourself 
No structure to the business 
No procedures in place to follow
No 1-2-1 catch ups 
Managers dont care want you get up to each day. nothing to say for the down side. Lack of opportunities if you don’t have relevant qualifications, irrespective of your work experience.. Growing business so can be times of heavy workload. The ultimate owners call the shots too much. They need hands-on day-to-day roles or to let the leadership team do what is best for the bank. Otherwise the focus is on short-term and potentially artificial goals. Small company so progression is limited. pay is lower than industry average. Toxic environment, lack of leadership and lack of governance knowledge or controls in place.  Lots of backstabbing causing serious issues within culture. This place lead me to a breakdown. It has taken me over 12 months to recover, and don’t think I ever will recover fully. Being set up to fail and your confidence being knocked on a daily basis can bring you down and I got to the point where I broke, and due to Shawbrook I don’t feel I will ever feel fully recovered. 
Whilst off sick HR were non supportive and unprofessional. My line manager couldn’t even speak to me and when I was told they were no longer going to pay me, not only was I financially not prepared my counselling was stopped too. 

This place broke me, it’s full of bad management, awful team leaders that are only too pleased to talk about you and stab you in the back.. A little more “silo’d” than is probably required.. High people churn due to the growth. Work politics at its worst. There is a dependency on key staff. There is a culture of promoting from external rather than internally.
Many ignore wider viewpoints in the drive for achieving personal agendas, removing decision making powers.
Exclusion from information, which is held at a certain level.
Attrition is too high. Lack of knowledge retention and seemingly low value put on retaining knowledge and talent.. Lack of Mgt direction, lots of changes at senior level. They've lost what makes them a good place to work. Communication was terrible at the end. Need a larger product range. Inconsistencies
Multiple divisions working in isolation with different processes
Poor company structure
Change poorly managed/supported at top level. if you don't like a fast pace or change this isn't for you. Culture has turned from a nurturing and fostering one to that of fear.  People are afraid to put their best foot forward as certain Senior Management would rather condemn than respect.  The bank has lost it’s way and it’s identity.  The constant change in management does not inspire confidence and it has become very apparent that no one knows which direction the bank should go.  Staff are worked until their knuckles bleed with long hours and under high pressure for minimal to no appreciation and are openly vocal about how bad things are.. If you are frightened of change, SB would not be for you.. There is a lot of change at Shawbrook as it is a growing Bank, this can make people feel unsettled but change management is getting much better. 
Not a lot of parking on site which receives a lot of criticism but there is plenty of parking around the business park and they offer shuttle bus services.. No parking, awful blame culture with bullying from management, rubbish IT, staff attrition rate is terrible - so many loyal people leaving, management believe they’re too important to listen to staff, HR do not support staff, staff expected to carry out activities beyond job description without any direction or training- just thrown in at the deep end. Hopefully the new CEO will make some changes.. little career progression
minimal staff investment. There is anything of massive disadvantage.. Lack of Management Transparency, Long Hours. Given the rapid rate that Shawbrook has evolved and the listed nature of the business 2015 - 2017 and now the Private Equity ownership 2017 - present date its safe to say the direction and leadership set from the board and CEO is in constant flux. 
As a result the strategy and purpose of the bank is at times unclear and how this translates down the organization in to day to day priorities is often mixed in message and results in a lack of clear direction.
 The leadership team are often un visible and many people are unclear of the strategic plan. I think this is often the case in growing business that need to be fleet of foot so no big issue but something to be aware of if your used to lots of communications and 'corporate lingo'.. Bullying culture is the norm. Was an amazing company 5 years ago, now one of the worst I have ever worked for.  The good people are leaving as there are absolutely no prospects unless you're part of the clique!. parking is a nightmare around the business park. Culture was awful, very clique orientated. If your face did not fit you were in for a hard time.. Everything but the salary. A truly awful culture with poor systems and  no effective communication. Some old practices from former banks which were taken over. It just a shame that they do not truly live up to them.

It is a very task driven environment with little care or proper development for thier staff.

The energy is really low with very little compassion for each other.. An amalgamation of companies has led to staff being prematurely promoted to positions in which they are incapable; this has lead to insecure senior staff and a distinct lack of good, well-informed leadership.
Support functions; IT, HR and Facilities are essentially non-existant; which also means compliance is a definite concern - this may be a Pro if you are in compliance.
Possibly because of the above, the bank is very slow paced and sluggish in its reactions to a reasonably fast-paced market; Especially considering its small relative size (number of employees).
Not somewhere to work if you have worked in London/The City previously - very weak in drive and corporate structure.
Very few team building excercises, no company christmas party or summer ball, therefore low staff morale is rife.
Lack of or no communication between departments with no central database.
Not very forward thinking; forward thinking people are held back here.
Woefully low number of parking spaces and not on a high street so difficult to get to.. Not a business for people who don't like a fast paced environment. If you don't respond well to a changing environment this isn't the place for you.. More with less, make it work.. Amount of change going on in the bank. - Fast changing location strategy results in uncertainty.
- Parking at out of town locations!. Bullying micro management culture
No work life balance
No Flexibility in working hours
No Management Direction 
No structure to career progression
Management will lie 
No Support when things a tough

Theres so many more............... unorganised as they grow quickly.. It's a fast growing company so sometimes there's growing pains but on the whole it's a great place to work.. Dishonest, crooked culture, should not have accepted the role. If there was zero start option, would have selected 0 as a rating.. No work/life balance. Hard to retain talent, finances are not as good as they make you believe and will stagnate. The company originally prided itself on a family feel where everyone helps everyone else but has slowly eroded to the point that it's like working for an investment bank! 

If your face fits then you will go far, however if this is not the case you cannot rely on your ability to do your job to a high standard as you will slowly be forced out.. Difficult to deal with the significant personal relationships between employees (including senior management).
Inconsistent ethics.
Significant silo working which can lead to conflict when discovered.
Long hours.
Tends towards a very local employment base at its offices - this is fine, but places limitations on the talent available.. long hours culture, silo-mentality, demanding execs, lots of pressure to get work done, located in the middle of nowhere. cliquey, incompetent middle-management, lip service and no transparency
progression non-existent, people are prevented from internal transfers/promotions so they end up leaving the company
very political, and you will get by if bosses like you. Don’t have any cons at the moment. long hours, lack of opportunities. Base pay is below market but benefits are decent. Not leveraged as PWM or PB. Salaries could be more competitive with other asset managers. As it has got bigger it has become a bit more difficult to enact change. a UK firm and all decisions are very centered on London. Lazy and under qualified leads, promoted/got their jobs based on their years of being in the industry. Unfortunately, their “skills” are often irrelevant and they are unable to provide much insights and expertise when it comes to teaching the younger employees. No oversight of manager, she did whatever she wanted. Established firm that tends to be set in its ways.. pay and contribution isn't great, not much career development. Progression unclear. Unsure what choices.. Flat hierarchy and limited progression. My tenure is short so I cannot really think of one.. WFH and clients are demanding. Quite flat, not enough layer for progression. Unstructured development, preferential favour towards graduates. Feels separated between departments at times. Certain functions/departments could be quite political. Lack of general direction of company. none that come to mind. Nothing bad to say about them. Only that the people there don't really interact much outside of work. - disorganisation, limited opportunity to progress quickly. at the airport at luxembourg. None that I can think of. Generally happy so no comments. Too few to name but compensation might be slightly below benchmark. Firm lacks strategy and is resting on its past laurels. Uninspiring senior management team.. Atmosphere has changed over the years, not the family firm it makes itself out to be, not as diverse in some departments as others, doesn't pay as well as others by a strong margin. Slow and lacks inclusivity (at least when I was there). Not a good place for motivated smart people who could disrupt the comfort of an old machine. It is rather very political, and you will get by if bosses like you, regardless of meritocracy.. Promotion after a certain level, moving up to senior management may be slow. Cliques. Have to ask for what you want not always given.. Archaic systems, no advancement, inexperienced managers. They do a poor job of staffing analysts to their strong suits. Transparency can be low - with flat hierarchy, this means that promotions are not always obvious. Standard challenges that any active manager faces today - unfavourable economics. Office politics, very few female in higher management position. For entry level roles don’t expect to be compensated for beyond average work, just do your basic job. Best to come in as experienced hire.. The location of their Horsham site. slow to move, quite siloed and politics are rife. Moving away from feeling like a large family run business to align more like a larger corporate company. This is not surprising and most likely needed but certainly changes the atmosphere and some of its core value.. A bit flat - career progression can be hard. There are no bad things about this company. High work load, more to do in all types of diversity. Outsourced IT so no need to developers. Hours are long and stressful. Salary
Senior Management
Not stable corporate vision. A tad slow and politics matter (as would be expected anywhere else too).. Cliquey non-inclusive environment.
You're fine if your face fits - if not, there is always the opportunity to cull you out quietly every December. Many have quietly disappeared every December.
Nice Xmas present for some.

Flat structure with no clear career path progression - you are either one of many Team Members, a Team Leader or a Manager.. None to note - satisfied employee. Poor pay if not in the investment team
No growth potential. Career progression is slow & often unclear. Salary 
Opportunities for global travel. Schroders is a large firm. Challenging.
Not for everyone in the region.
Difficult.
Here.
All.
Are.. - Suffering the same difficulties as any active asset manager. Innovative attempts to counter have fallen a bit flat in their execution (Schroders Personal Wealth, Benchmark). Risk-averse to trying anything radical - "what if it doesn't succeed?" mentality. (How about assuming it won't and embracing that?)
- Old boys club mentality still exists, with less than brilliant senior managers rotated in and out of jobs with very little new talent brought in
- Pockets of deeply rooted politics, toxic in nature, with nobody prepared to confront and exorcise
- A couple of senior leaders are an absolute shambles - if you end up in their extended team, it's game over for your job (luckily, the Schroders name makes it easier to find something else). No cons to report, a good company overall. Stagnant environment with not much room for career progression. Non existent progression opportunities
Senior management does little to practice the corporate values they spend a lot of time preaching - mindfulness, equality etc. Company does no better than competitors in treating staff with dignity. Advancement procedure could be improved.. More Asset Manager than Wealth Manager. - demanding work
- workload varies and at times can be a lot. chaos (as in any company). Must improve diversity in senior management roles. -not an investment firm, but a marketing organisation
-mercenary, silo-ed, political culture
-aggressive top management, incompetent and scared middle-management
-promotion based on politics, not skills and competency
-no internal career opportunities due to my turf-your turf thinking
-pay below market average. tech issues for some staff wfh. Toxic culture in elements of company
Not always in agreement with decisions taken at higher level. not so high salaries and bonus. Long hours and large teams. Hours are great and pay great. Moving functions out of London to Surrey,. Lower than market pay, bad management at middle level. Too political at times and opportunities limited. generally a good place to work at. Internal mobility can be challenging. About everything working for Schroders is a con; lower pay than competition, very little flexibility, not forward thinking organisation, hierarchal old and tired. Staff seem to be afraid of speaking their mind and culture if micromanagement. Office facility staff has clearly been told not to speak to office staff and to not look them in the eye.
Gym, canteen and other staff services is provided so that staff don’t leave the office during office hours. Leaving the office between 9-5 even to pick up lunch or run errands are frowned upon. Very odd culture that for sure is not for everyone and is more similar to a sekt than a healthy work place.. On the contrary, there is nothing that I can think about.. Haven't been that long to make a judgment. Disorganised with very little process around anything. 
A lot of low caliber people, very hard to find quality in the organisation and anyone to own tasks
Career path completely unclear. Can't think of any, very good place.. Not too many to mention. Tedious, can be a bit boring with the work. Somewhat conservative approach to development. Everything is satisfactory. Highly recommend.. wish i had longer there!. Functions need to be more interlinked.. A bit too old school. IT structure not efficient. progression non existent at first, lack of proper training. Very demanding and exhausting without rewarding. None that I can think of. Negative approach in meetings by some attendees.. none of them could be reported. Lack of organisation, knowledge and ridiculous hierachy. Huge egos and feeling of self importance stump growth and efficiencies. - Very few managers are managers
- Senior management come across very aggressive
- No consistency between treatment of London and Horsham office
- Horsham office does not exist to London
- Poor compensation and benefits - many staff told there would be regular salary reviews but this was very untrue. Everything else. Outdated hardware.  Tasks like for robots, data feeds here and there. Old crappy systems to support and no new things for internal
Employees.  Management culture and club of manager who don’t do anything meaningful but trying to be important and make dependencies on them. Project which are badly planned taking much more time, budget and teams energy to compensate managers.. Work-life balance suffers because there is not enough resource to support the change agenda and strategic growth. 
A (small) number of employees with poor behaviours or attitudes have been tolerated for too long, presumably because they bring in a lot of revenue.
There are still a few dinosaurs who don’t embrace flexible working.. could have a dedicated employee development service. Low turnover means people stay in jobs longer. - Mediocrity is tolerated and management seems afraid to make hard decisions
- Not particularly meritocratic
- Commercial awareness/sense of entrepreneurism could be stronger 
- Sales people lack technical skills
- Disparity in comp between juniors/seniors seems significant
- Ambition and progression is discouraged - people are told to wait their turn so good talent ends up leaving.. Male dominated culture, aristocracy trumps merit. Few opportunities for evolution.
People development lagging competition.
Compensations in the lower range.. Salary can be low to begin with, Progression is difficult,. Technology is not used in the right way. Dichotomy in pay between junior and senior employees is massive

Slow to deal with issues within teams. Large and can be complex and bureaucratic to navigate, but that is a function of scale. Can be quite slow
Comp could be mich better at junior levels. No clear carter progression or advice. Lack of communication with the UK offices. None. If you don’t like change, then you won’t like Schroders - always innovating.. Many of the advertised benefits are purely theoretical, with nobody actually getting them. Medical? No. Training? No. You try and get access to these? You'll suddenly be hated by management and at the top of their firing line. There's a weird hybrid of "every man for themselves" culture mixed with an old boys club.. work life balance is poor at times. slow progression, low increment,  stress. No cons that come to mind. Pay, bad canteen, boring Xmas party. limited and smaller bonus pool. Unclear career path, low self development. Poor leadership, poor collaboration, poor communication. Less Career growth opportunities in my field in the current company. being part of a large organisation there is some red tape. Flat structure and very limited ability to progress. Lots of people who've been around far too long. No formal promotion system.. Some snobbery from both back and front office. It’s pot luck which team you are in.. Management style between global and local management. Decentralised with each department thinking for and prioritizing themselves. Hierarchical despite trying to brake this way of thinking.. There was some bureaucracy sometimes. Thinking of cons is trickier- had such an amazing time!. Flat hierarchy can make it difficult to progress. Despite the global business found limited opportunity to move globally. HR slow to respond. Too many middle managers in change

Business management too old school in approach and get in the way. Can’t think of any!. can be challenging to adapt to the culture. Some horrible personality and bad examples of working attitudes. Not efficient enough. Some people are too comfortable here. Very siloed. Too many reorganisations IT. No progress unless you drink with the right people.. old school and wooden. not a company moving to be flexible for staff. Not the best paymasters.. Can't think of any right now or ever!. Difficult for most to advance into management.  Pay is low compared to competitors.. Room for improvement around gender equality and number of women in senior positions.. The culture is political and elitist. Can get too absorbed within your team, without looking outwards to other departments to get more of a holistic view of the company.. Lack of opportunities for career growth. Although beautiful setting, office out of town so not convenient for lunchtime shopping if needed.
Management are Not people managers. They have absolutely no idea how to motivate or encourage.
Very economical with the truth at interview over hrs and evening working.
No plan, chaotic management lots of knee jerk reactions. Fair amount of red tape. Slow paced / Siloed working / Horrible technology. Not that I can think of. Comms aren’t that great at times. Having to do extra evening work. Progression opportunities/development hindered by low turnover. The pay here is below market standard. If the line manager is bad, everything is bad. Slow pace of life, communication. Slightly traditional in some areas. Very few really, a lovely company to work for.. IT can be slow.. Dead beat line managers scared in turn of their own managers. Technology infrastructure needs to improve mobility offering.. Not many opportunities for progressing your  career. Lack of female leadership and little focus by management to help female employees success
It is a large corporate with many of the drawbacks that brings - a certain level of bureaucracy and legacy IT systems meaning the employee experience isn't always great.. Lack of transparency from senior management.
London-centric, forcing their views to other locations without asking for their input.
Forcing the change to happen too quickly destroyed the company culture we had in Luxembourg. Within 2 years I feel like we went from a family to a factory.... 1) you have to be a certain type to fit in, the type tend to be people who have to be there for a long time and you would not challenge how things are at present, even when things are still stuck in the 80s
2) Some seriously absurd behaviour is tolerated by management if the person being absurd is in that "gang". 
3) Blackbox environment -- nothing is ever explained, they just are because certain people likes it this way and nothing is up for discussion
3) this is the only company I worked in that never examine any mistakes they made and try to improve --  instead a million excuses were made to justify the outcome
4) if you enjoy playing politics and just want a job where no one will challenge you by all means join, you will feel right at home. Culture focussed on sales and brand, not investment. Faction mentality encouraged by management (whilst talking about collaboration) to play people off against each other in very political way. Awful integration of acquisitions. Very dishonourable behaviour from senior leaders, presumably due to pressure from above. Absence of thought leadership and short-termism from managment quite shocking given the potential. Treats juniors (grads) terribly, in some cases, despite highly selective hiring programme. Lack of any accountability by management.. Diversity/Equality is the industry line. you see it written, not so sure it is applicable here.

the role is very data orientated,  mostly data cleansing.  significant control/restriction in database permissions, in some cases data cleansing is very manual.. The internal audit people are sooo boring. Nobody wants to go out and they all back stab each other. Work is boring too.. Not a lot of purpose or strategic direction in the digital space. Senior management needs new blood.. Do not get paid enough. NY office tends to be political.  The expectation for meritocracy is low.  Diversity and inclusion while preached is not practiced.  Probability of success if you are a minority male/female seems to be low.. Minimum career progression opportunities. As mentioned in many of the other reviews there has been increase in unexceptable behaviours from mostly the    senior management recruited in the last few years.. People who have been there a long time have an awful attitude
Rude behaviour is accepted by senior management
One message one day, complete different message the next
Leadership do not know their backsides from their elbows 
Blame culture is part of every day life, watch your back
If your face doesn't fit, start to look elsewhere (you'll know pretty quick). Sometimes the hours were long but not frequent. Too much politics and indecision between IT and Business.. lack of management support on project issues. less promotion opportunity; daily job not that challenging;. I didnt enjoy it, it wasn't an environment in which I felt I could thrive.. Could be more efficient. Sometimes hard to enact change. New hot-desking environment
Lack of privacy
Noise pollution
Flimsy IT infrastructure
Lack of communication. Wage, globally speaking it is a very good experience. The company is doing Operation Strategic Change and is trying downsizing the workforce in Luxembourg.. Work life balance to be improved. Political environment. Lower than market salaries.. Off-shore resources are heavily used in IT, can be hard to be effective due to time difference.  Does feel like an old-school club, where you are encouraged to get "face-time" in with the higher ups to help progress your career.. New office in a worse location. terrible technology, difficult to progress. Most business areas apart from the one i was based in function well. However Fixed Income was dominated by a few senior PM's who were continually permitted to behave to colleagues and counterparts in ways that are not appropriate to the 21st century. Behaviour was aggressive, intolerant and at times bullying. It seemed that pursuit of assets trumped all else with too much leeway given to fee earners.. Slow progression in career and performance incentives.. Pace can be so fast that it’s hard to keep up.
Do more with less with regard to headcount which is challenging.. None that spring to mind. The structure is too flat and it is close to impossible to progress or super slow. 
Moving sideways however seems to be encouraged.
Salaries are relatively flat and the general opinionnis that the pay is below market value but Ok bonuses.. Horrible firm culture, departments and teams working in silos, big egos are tolerated and some bullies can get away with anything if they bring in the big bucks.. less collegiate than it should be for the family shareholding. Decisions directed from London. Lack opportunities for internal transfer. It is a very big firm. Too much bureaucracy - 769 IT staff shows this is a corporation, not a firm any more. management very top heavy lacking support. hours, travel to work in the morning is hectic. Need to be more flexible regarding home-working and more support for working mothers.. There have been dramatic changes in IT over the past couple of years, principally moving development to Agile. This has created a highly political atmosphere, with mid-level management nervous and trying to protect themselves at others' expense. The tensions cascade insidiously down through the organisation, with unpredictable and often destructive effects. IT Infrastructure in particular has been subject to wholesale and continuing leadership churn - and the formal restructuring hasn’t even started to happen there yet - it will come soon, so  expect even more uncertainty..... Little chance to advance, band managers. Quite a rigid system to work in. Sometime is big better headcount wise?. Tight deadlines and hierarchical structure. V flat no career progression. Pay not that competitive really. Pay is slightly under market. Weak operational processes took some time of the day to fix.. Possibly still London centric and this is something as a Global company we need to overcome.. - Although good to be forward looking, tend to spend too much on gimmicky things without doing proper proof of concept/relevance e.g. flashy technology. low salary,  limited career opportunities. The management culture have made this department unbearable. 

Unfortunately there is an aggressive culture promoted throughout management which has seen many excellent, knowledgeable people leave. 

Belittling of people in meetings and in the open plan office for all to see is a daily occurrence and in fact promoted. Staff roles and responsibilities are changed depending on who is currently in favor which seems to bypass contractual and HR intervention. Strong blame culture.

The high turnover and exodus of staff appears to not concern the CIO or Human resources.  In 25 years of working in Finance IT this is by far the worst managed infrastructure department I have ever worked in.. Architecture and data of company is a mess and is not being addressed. Very poor communication amongst teams and from management
Huge turnover more recent hires - tendency for people with longer service to have only worked at this company. People that have experience anywhere else do not stick it.
Narcissistic middle managers.
Diversity is non existent.
Culture very poor.
Mindset of "we've always done it this way", not changing with or embracing technological advancement.. Pay below market particular if you join young. No diversity among senior management and the flat organization structure does not lend itself to a meritocracy for progression. CEO only cares about the investment teams and not  many other areas.. Sometimes slow progress
Limited reach in continental Europe. Not any in my experience. Very hard to get promoted, even if you work a lot, they have a very small structure. Tolerance of nasty people and bad culture as long as "things work" - performance keeps coming and assets keep growing. Not very collaborative and teams worked in silos.. Sponsored ambivalence 
Los of hullabaloo delivering basic technology 
Why have one tool when you can have 10
Buzzwords for Management CV’s
Projects called Devops AI and no one knows what they are doing
Wrong teams raise changes
Part time service delivery
SME’s expected to think of change, deliver and raise risk
No standards
You get asked what type of car you drive during infrastructure monthly drinks 
Weirdos
Eton. Non-existant increments and low bonus does not cover low base salary
Non-existent career model and progression, job expansion comes with zero or negligible increments
Loosely coupled (messy). Micromanagement from middle management and a lack of transparency and forward vision from upper management. An obsession with applying bloated SAFe Agile processes and ceremonies to projects they are not really suited for.. Can be a little stuffy, too many senior managers vs junior staff hence seems that you need to join as a senior person to do well in the new era. 

Seems to be high turnover of junior staff and senior managers that are very static.. Professional quality is mixed at best, not always top notch talent. Compensation is not generous. Culture is a bit political. NY office is a red-headed stepchild to the main business in London.. No moral at all.   There is lot of micro management.. Distant management. Glass ceiling for minorities, including women.  Diversity is a new word to the organisation and it's not being handled in a great way.  Some people are allowed to grow their empires.  Struggling to move into being a global corporate player as there are too many people allowed to get on with their own agendas rather than toeing the corporate line.. The increased pace of change, with new management in 2016, is positive and creates many opportunities to have an impact but is also challenging to deliver. 
That change agenda has resulted in less work life balance and more signs of stresses undermining the collaborative culture.. The pace of change can be a little unsettling at times. There is absolutely nothing right with this organisation. You will be without any kind of support. You will be spoken down to by junior employees with inflated egos. You will not be paid very well. You will work excessively long hours and not be appreciated at all.. poor management - poor attitude and culture within the team. The growth of the company has seen a lot of expansion of people, unfortunately there's very little room left.. Career progression is slow and salary increments are bad. Access to career opportunities need improvement . overall needs cultural change to agile. Can be a bit overly complicated / bureaucratic 
Structure is flat meaning there's not too many opportunities to grow internally
Departments can be a bit siloed. Male dominated leadership
Lack of career progress
Political. New York office feels like an afterthought vs headquarters in London. Organisation structures created by new management is chaotic without clear role and responsibilities

Middle management is even worse to understand the work required

Architecture that makes overall decisions have no clue how things should work. No idea how CTO could accept such failure.. Career progression is relatively slow... Progression is difficult in a flat structure. - Hardly any room for progression
- Extroverts valued more than introverts. Pace of change requires hard graft with little respite. Tough/dictatorial management style in some quarters (but not everywhere), expected long hours the norm in Tech. To be fair is why remuneration and benefits are high and were honest about it prior to hiring. If you want slow and steady look elsewhere, if work is your priority and you want exposure to new things, work with talent, get things done, benefit from the experience, then look here.. Pay could be higher, as people often go elsewhere in search of higher reward.. The flat structure has benefits, but often blurs a clear career path. There are opportunities but one needs to be self-motivated to succeed/move forward here. Communication from middle management could be improved.. bad culture, ignorant people, many don't seem to know much about much on subjects related roles e.g. What's happening in the market, law, regulations. High pace working environment
No flexible working practices
Long working hours
Poor culture. Too many mid-level managers who create no value. Extremely political hierarchy at manager level.. Its a bit backward in technology.  Most software is pretty old and basic, which makes it hard to do a lot of things.  Downside of stability is that although its quite easy to cruise, its quite hard to be ambitious. Being 200 yrs old you will tend to have your fair share of legacy processes and challenges but there is a focus on making things better.
Sometimes people can forget that the main competition and threats are external and we all need to pull together to achieve real success. - decision making process can be quicker. Central functions in London,  Some functions are not great. - Many changes going on which can contribute to busy days, but also encourage learning and innovation
- Interactions with the hq could be more frequent to align processes and strategies. To many grads who are staying in the company forever. Can be tiring- long days.. In my department there were a lot of politics, incompetent management tend to ignore problems and unethical behavior.  

It is very clear that they don't want to hear or know about the problems, and wanting to wait for them to go away by themselves.  When there are unfavorable feedback or complains even from clients, a lot of excuses were made instead of really evaluating and reflecting on how they could have done better.

It just surprises me how low caliber some people are in Schroders.  If you are considering to work here seriously do some due diligence.  You can tell from the reviews here some departments are fine and others are just a disaster.  Many other places are more worthwhile to work for. The levels of staff turnover are low so there is not much knowledge of working differently or changing working practices. Little flexible working is offered to employees so balancing two working parents with childcare/school may not be easy. Little pay increases in recent years.. Management need to be changed.... Tempory contract, the rest are fine. Low pay
Poor management - often overlooked. Can be very siloed.. Limited leadership and unclear strategy.
Not much opportunity for promotion
The basic salary could be better and more effort could be made to keep experienced and skilled staff.
Too complex IT systems leading to inefficiencies.
Too little reward (compensation for work).. Lower salaries than comps
A bit slow. In particular IT infrastructure is not a pleasant place to work. The department has a bad reputation company wide.  I was embarrassed to represent this team and thus my decision to leave. Some members of management at the highest level have openly admitted to enjoying seeing aggressive behaviour within the wider team as they feel it makes the team stronger.  The management team although very capable are chosen from a cookie cutter.  If you are not white or male do not expect to move up in this chaotic environment as the ideals of the top dog have been passed down to the next level to uphold. The department overall is one where if you speak your mind you will be belittled until you are fired or forced to quit. There is an extremely high staff turnover in IT Infrastructure.. Slow moving; siloed teams; lack of turnover; diversity of thought.. Poor bonus and potential to progress. Analysts are subordinate to fund managers.
Management are genius to come up with cumbersome, but ineffective work for analysts.
Regulators and clients will never be easier on the industry.. They don't always attract the best talent. Career development. Can be bureaucratic resulting in slow decision making.. A fair bit of red tape to get things done, but a virtue of size. They don't hire people over the age of 50. No female management. Blame culture. Negative atmosphere. People always shouting in office. No overtime or time in lieu given to staff who are forced to work like slaves during the week and over the weekend. Management has no respect for employees. Was invited to farewell parties almost every week during my time working there.. Strong tradition and long tenure seems to be making  genuine culture change very challenging.. bureaucracy has led to a culture of red tape and jobs for jobs sake. Never forget this is a client centric business and all that we do should be in the interest of the client we look after no matter what role we have in the business. A lot of transformation and change is excellent, but is also demanding.. The company claims thet they give importance to inclusion and diversity, but this is not true. It is clearly always people coming from certain backgrounds who are favoured. There is no diversity in the working environment and your opinion will not be heard. Schroeder claims about inclusion and diversity have rather been used to create a nicer profile towards investors.. - This department specifically is an unpleasant place to work 
- Extremely demanding management with "just do it now" attitude, nothing else relevant, no leadership. 
- Culture of fear/consequence - nobody dares say anything in meetings
- Cumbersome and outdated processes means everything takes forever to get done (though to their credit, they are working on at least some of these issues)
- Terrible hours at times with no compensation for it (or even a thankyou). Progression is incredibly slow and often its about getting years on the clock more than anything. Definitely not a meritocracy, which is partially due to managers having very limited ability to measure quality and quantity of work done by team members. 
Quite political which probably stems from the fact so many managers and middle managers have been working for such a long time. 
Most managers tend to be technical experts/specialists but have very poor people management skills. No real efforts to motivate using tools such as salary/bonus/progression or even engaging team. Focus is on keeping things ticking along quite nicely with small incremental changes.. Seemingly as everywhere the higher up the chain you go the more out of touch people become. Poor female representation at the higher levels. Definite favouritism towards old Etonians. Feels like it is struggling to find a niche as the active management gravy train slows to a halt. Pumping money into tickbox exercises that only purport to add value.. Limited progression. Flat management. A lot of dead wood.. Schroders have a habit of over complicating issues,
No real progression,
Tendency to bring wrong people into projects. Few cons, very diverse base and keen to help people develop. Limited change, can be disorganised at times. Stay away from this company. Asians are treated like slaves to British guys. If you're in a front office role, you'd probably spend 20% of your time doing support teams' jobs.. Sometimes a bit slow making things happen as decision-making quite consensual. With some exceptions, not as much sideways movement as could be which makes for 'dead man's shoes' career path for many.. - Somewhat old-fashioned corp culture
- Silos and poor internal communication, increasing problem as company grows
- Lack of clarity on long-term vision and strategy, resource allocation sometimes a head-scratcher. Benefits and perks offered is not up to market. lack of innovation drives, and seniors may not listen to advices from frontline. It is very political among divisions.. Slow salary increases, nothing else bad to say. If you are not a Fund manager the salary is really low.  You would better  be a British male with a posh accent... Very British culture and organisation. Need to be able to navigate the culture of such a large business. Poor people management skills of some senior investors. difficult to progress in luxembourg. Tough on targets. Must be hardworking. There are inevitably a small number people who are less collaborative, but it's a much smaller proportion than in most other firms.. Can be hard to get promoted if job role doesn't fit standard role descriptions.  Patience is needed. Become somewhat bureaucratic due to being much larger than it was.. Can be a bit slow paced, if you like a constant change of scenery, maybe not the place for you.. a fair amount of change so not for those who don't have a stomach for it.. not much, depends on the team. Career progression a bit difficult depending on job description.. Lot of things can be improved
Clarity on jobs roles and responsibilities
Improve the chances of internal mobility
Encourage individual contributor. A lot of internal politics
Generally was a place to come to if you had no other offers. Salary and benefits are lower comparatively. Progression may be difficult given the flat structure. Employees doesn't develop, no promotions, pay is Very low according to other companies, se employees doesn't have even basic education. My 2 cents - Avoid.. Hierarchical and collaboration can be absent. *hierarchical management structure
*can be difficult to move internally. Roles are siloed , difficult switching roles. Despite being a flexible working employer, this was not available to all. HR were not approachable, therefore makes it difficult to report any grievances. Seems to harbour and pander to the wrong type of individuals.. Hard to progress, people there a long time, no succession planning. The company still struggles to satisfy employees in certain areas and remains slow implementing targeted changes as it still attempts to lead.. Lack of movement through the company to other office locations.  
Lower basic pay than average. 
More diversity needed at higher levels.. Average age is quite high and there aren't many young people . This makes the overall environment and strategies a bit out of date .. Lots of overlapping teams means lots of internal competition, so very political organisation. Very siloed, which can lead to lack of cooperation across different businesses.. Bit of an old boys club... need to dangle the carrot a little closer.. Staid, a bit passive and becoming to big. Low pay
Too upper management heavy. Too many changes in senior management. The social aspects was very quite we didn't have too much interactions at all except for wok. Low turnover amongst senior staff = high turnover amongst junior staff. Development and career progression opportunities are limited. The company is a bit slow moving, bearocratic, pace of change is frustrating. Senior staff are very set in their ways and aren't going anywhere.. Not as challenging as expected. Lack of system integration at some local offices with group's. Stagnant, low progression, below average pay.. Not flexible to talent mobility between teams
Old-timers get too comfortable, being less ambitious to take on risky projects to raise profile for the business
Lack of definitive direction in business development. Unreasonable working hours and deadline. Quite a few weekend work and expect employees to work more than 15 hours straight quite often.. Quite cliquey.
Slow moving with progression.. There's a lack of technology and career advancement opportunities in the NYC office. There are opportunities to learn, but mostly through trial-and-error and figuring things out on your own. The lack of egos/competition is refreshing, but it's easy to become lazy here since there's a general lack of ambition in the culture.. no cons in working here. staff turnover in certain teams a concern. Company culture is increasingly aggressive towards other internal departments. Not collegiate. Teams tend to work in silos rather than across departments.. low octane existence...pay will never match your other high flying friends in other firms. not very varying work, always the same tasks. - Compensation below par, not just compared to sell-side either. (Within your first 2 years as a Graduate Trainee you're treated like just an accessory with minimal bonuses) and low base.
- The environment is very slow. Echos the traditional 200 year old values of the firm.
- 90% of the workforce are going to be 20+ years older than you, have kids or be married/engaged. This makes for quite a depressing work environment where there's absolutely no social vibe or anyone you can relate to.. Too focused on its 'heritage' which makes it seem slow and dated, relatively less agile than competitors (e.g. slow to take up digital as a communication strategy with clients)
HR do not seem very organised or fluid when giving feedback
Non rotational grad programme
Not as diverse or international a workforce in London office as some other US asset managers, or investment banks. lower pay than market rate
Conservative Culture. All this however is marred by outbursts of clique culture and crony-ism and damaging internal political struggles. As ever there is an innate snobbery associated with some parts of the Investment Management culture.
The reciprocity of loyalty to the employee is questionable, as evidenced by their willingness to dispose of loyal hard-working veteran employees who no longer fit the current culture with extraordinary lack of sensitivity. (But would you expect anything different anywhere?). Quite a few departments were out sourced, lost some of the perks, but that was due to recession. Promotions dropped off.. After 3 short months my position "was eliminated." Management has no idea what they are doing. Poor communications with employees. For e.g. my immediate manager totally ignored me for almost the whole time I was at the firm. Towards the end of the third month when she had to do my probationary review, she finally met with me to discuss my "performance." What a joke. Asset Management folks are a bunch of snobs who think they are better than everyone. No career path and room for growth!. - Too many changes in management
- Not enough unity in the culture. Compensation is not as good as at comparable companies. 
Development of talent at all levels is not fantastic - the focus is on the obvious and HR/senior management do not look within often enough to develop talent across the business.. This company seems to have got deeply confused about its own identity - trying to move on from the parochial, family run firm to a more corporate approach - and has carefully taken the worst characteristics of both.  An ivory tower dwelling, dictatorial senior management who expect to be treated like royalty and demonstrate hubris and superciliousness as their most common character traits.  This arrogance and feudal attitude means motivation among the serfs is lower than the gym in the basement.. Too much corruption if your not part of the crowd.
If your a threat you can be sabotaged.. Management struggle to retain talents, especially the ones who are not in the HQ in London or close to some big guys. The Schroders shares are very volatile, so they impact the value of the deferred portion of your bonus. Too many people who spend more time in promoting themselves internally rather than Schroders products externally and buttering up their bosses. Overstaffed organization.. High turnover of investment staff.. Almost constant restructuring over time, often repeating structures/business plans as they go in & out of fashion. This destabilizes the confidence of employees. Top management & HR are unaware/inactive when (in rare cases) middle management acts poorly or treats subordinates unprofessionally, often taking years to fix problems and/or waiting for employee turnover to fix the issue. Much of this is par for the course across finance but this company is no exception to the rule.. Management makes false promises to attract young talents.  However, they never keep promises or develop young people.. They don't really care about the individual..some management decisions are unfair. Can be a political place too.. Some of the perceived top performers, are not, it is the team that drives performance. Shockingly unprofessional behaviour (such as manager sending vitriolic abusive e-mails to subordinates) is allowed.  Administrative staff in the US has mixed level of dedication.. Like any financial firm there are long hours - a lot more reasonable than other big firms. Brits are always treated better than Americans. Need more pay salaries, health benefits, need decentralisation in reporting hierarchy. - Pay is considerably lower than in Investment Banking
- The Summer Internship scheme does not give you direct access to the Graduate Program in case of a successful experience, you have to reapply. I had the worst experience of my carreer in my small stint at schroder IT at Gresham street
I worked very hard and efficiently but was laid of for no apparent reason( believe me no proof of anything )
Neither it was performance, competence or any  personal reason . I'm still puzzled
at their behavior tho. it was a good riddance.

 I cannot comment about other departments but the IT dept. at Schroders is run
by incompetent and whimsical people . The HR department is completely subservient to managers
with no say of its own. Even the most senior management in IT is unresponsive and total waste.
 The mind of this firm is very narrow and conservative - salary is one of the reflection of it. I also witnessed some nepotism I'm my department .


I would highly advise not to join this firm, and if u have no option join with your risk.. Small company with  budget restrictions;
Extremely concentrated in the financial market.. Bad compensation. No career path. No mentoring.. - flat structure not allowing for senior staff to be promoted which contributes to high turnover and constant restructure
- staff is treated differently depending of who is their line manager or which social activities one takes part on. - pay not good enough 
- sometimes cautious to the extent of being annoying 
- very little EM footprint 
- hedge fund platform/pe platform leaves lot to be desired. Remuneration not very competitive. Job security still poor. How you are treated depends very much on your boss. Too many internal reorganisations. Middle management don't sometimes understand just how hard their people work.. Pay is not great although benifits and holidat allowance partially make up for poor basic compensation. Inequality of pay in senior management.. If you're in the back office then lack of ablity to move from back to front office, no worse than average though.. sometimes the customers arn't nice.. Not much opportunity for career progression for part time staff. Hard work and not much room to progress. long hours, crap management, cant compete with aldi. Dont care about their staff. Old style leadership which can cause pressure & stress. Culture could do with work.. Long hours
Need to be flexible. Working hours not as flexible as they could be. Pretty much a Monday-Saturday 9 to 6 job.. None to imagine really good place. Going through a period of change and restructure. Limited progression and a lot of work for limited pay.. Nothing I can think of.. Retail is tough to work in at the moment.. depends whos on shift with you but every jobs the same that way. None at all to be honest. .the staff toilets not the cleanest. Poor five-day training, badly taught. Not enough to cover properly all aspects of the role. Unrealistic and ridiculous expectations from managers. 
Evening shifts and work on weekends. Lies and lack of transparency on the targets and the performances' screening criteria. Gossipy environment. 
A lot of customers on the phone complaining about the on-line services and asking to close their bank accounts.. Work on your own alot. Long hours and limited benefits. none that come to mind. Management/Senior Management approach was poor. Pushed their issues on to lower graded staff members.. Salary benefits packages not always competitive. Salary package and holidays not always comparable with other banks.. Little room for progression, under resourced, slow processes, yearly salary raises are laughable, huge uncertainty over banks future performance and whether it may be bought over.. Questionable management decision making and scheduling. Not really a con, lots to learn quickly. None sometimes you have to work on weekends. I’ve always felt for the amount of responsibility a TMA had, we weren’t compensated quite enough. - Though I really enjoyed working in this role!. There is not much opportunity for overtime. Can be stressful in peak season which is not compensated by pay/bonus.. Long hours
No extra pay
Commission is bad. -can get boring
-advertising feels more like forcing customers to listen to us when they have just come to do shopping
-no sign of progression. I did not know anyone who had progressed to a more senior role.

Overall, id take the job again if i had to. But the boredom can get the better of you.. the salary is a bit low. Senior management in particular was shocking. - Completely disorganised, priorities change on a daily basis making it difficult to achieve anything as you constantly need to switch what you are working on.
- The networks I mentioned as a pro you have to go out of your way to engage with and are not told about them or how to join unless you already know about them and ask specifically.
- When there's restructures it seems to be specifically to save money on the number of people they have to pay. You now have C4s doing the work that C5s were a year ago with no extra pay, benefits or training on top of the C4 work they were doing before.
- Development training is lacking. Link conversations were only focused on what activities you would be doing until the next quarter. No one ever mentioned coming up with a 5 year plan (or even a 1 year plan).
- Culture of stress and anxiety. 
- There's a lack of training for new managers. If someone is hired as a manager for the first time they are expected to do that job perfectly from day 1 as that is what they have been hired to do without any acknowledgement that this is a skill that needs developed. This creates poor people managers and poor quality of staff working under them as they don't know what is expected of them.. responsibilityindependence, relaxing ,easy, fun, loved it. Needs more to be done by senior stakeholders. First off, it is a call centre, so, of course, there is an almost religious obsession with meeting a myriad of stats and adherence to robotic scripts above everything else. At busy times don't expect anything more than a few seconds between lengthy calls. If you can thrive in that environment then you'll be fine.

Clunky computer systems and lengthy internal processes mean some simple tasks can take a long time to do which is not the best when you're working in a fast paced environment.

No work from home option for the vast majority of call centre staff, yet this was made available to other departments. Pretty much every other company offered this, even banks and other call centres.

The pay for the call centre is lower than national living wage.. too tooo , tooo , too , tooo. None that I can think of. Absolutely awful company to work for, not good for your mental health at all and the company do not offer any kind of help or support. god forbid you have any health conditions that you need to be off for 3 times as you will immediately get a disciplinary on your 3rd absence, lots of weekend work included even though they will advertise as it will be rotated. VERY repetitive, no job satisfaction, no feeling of impact. Can get busy which can affect pick speed times. If your pick speeds are consistently low, you can face some meetings with department manager to discuss why you're not keeping up with the targets. Lack of internal progression due to smaller scale of bank. Management hiring friends children, people from the local golf club & old pals. No structured development & a toxic work environment.. management is a mess, and pay raises are not often. wish there was more areas to be promoted. Pay is low compared to same role 
 at other companies. Low paid, little benefits and too many problems occurring with products. More team activities could've been incorporated. Bad pay, management has favourites, no career progression. it’s sainsbury’s what more can i say. The management (for my store) seemed to try and work as little as possible leaving employees to pick up the slack. Customers really get aggressive over money which can be dangerous
Covid response was appalling, staff should been of furloughed not forced to work in store
Lack of information from middle and upper management who genuinely need to get experience doing shifts, it is important to know why this is a difficult job...
No info about future other than take unpaid leave for 12 months. Little mistakes have large consequences.. Very inconsistent some very good senior Managers, some very poor. Benefits are Group policy so don't align with financial industry standards.. High levels of workplace politics. There's too much favoritism in the company. Paid less for the work we are doing. preasure, no training, late hours. Management do not back staff up. Left to deal with all problems on own.. not bad very bad terrible. Difficult customers but that’s to be expected. Rubbish wages, need better equipment. Lacks a clear direction and strategy. No Job Progress in the company.. The salary was pittance, the schedule was dreadful, there was a complete lack of support and no opportunities for extra training or advancement. I had a horrible experience there.. Size means speed of change can sometimes be slow. part time 20 h spread a cross the 4 days so you end up kind of felling like you working full time. Lack of effective management by business leaders. Sometimes it’s really boring. Feel like staying in a jail. No one get full time except managers.. Time management could be improved. There is no long term vision which is clearly communicated to staff who are given the responsibility of running key processes. Very output and process oriented, instead of focusing on hiring and retaining skilled staff members through a genuine effort to develop technical skills or a team-oriented enviornment. Pay bands are lower than competitors.. * Cliquey and not very inclusive
* Toxic blame and fear culture
* Lost in process for process sake
* Struggling to keep up with market
* Struggling to keep up to  date with regulatory requirements
* Slowly dying and becoming irrelevant
* Refuses to fund engineering appropriately
* Zero training. Poor corporate culture and long hours.. During the winter, the days can drag so bring in a book or something to keep you occupied. There can be scammers and money launderers trying to commit fraud so you have to have an eye open otherwise you could lose the company money. The work is very repetitive doing the same things every day can get tedious and boring after a while. Wage is average. Computer systems needs upgrading. Long hours can be a pain. Bad management structure, poor job security, no direction and little resource. Used to have paid breaks but no longer do
I don't want full time but no fulltime contracts. I did not experience any cons. The bank has an uncertain future.. Some people working here were very old school and complaints about poor behaviour of colleagues was not taken seriously.. Not enough opportunities to grow. Due to restructuring the payment have been reduced.lack of motivational support to the employees.. Imported the worst of big bank culture through their hiring process as they grew their number of employees significantly
Wrong strategy - Trying to compete with the big banks at their own game, without any of the advantages of scale the big banks have
An increasingly blame culture where politics trumps truth-telling or fact-checking
Impossible to get anything done outside of transformation projects. Your job is to be a robot, plain and simple. It's soul destroying and yet management still force you to engage in this faux development rubbish. It's all for show. There's no development opportunities.
I've seen time and again colleagues have "progression opportunities" dangled in front of them only for those opportunities to mysteriously never materialise. 
If you're looking for a job for a few months, sure it's fine, but have an exit strategy. Also the pay is very poor compared to similar positions elsewhere.. Shocking pay £17 500. 
Get told you’re on a “shift rotation” when this is true but you’re likely to start and end your 4 weeks on 2-10 shifts, then put you on your “mid shifts” which is 11-7/12-8 so technically you’ve got no life for 3 weeks. 
There’s no progression. I mean none. You get a nice “sme” title but really it’s a glorified term for managers to use you to pick up their dirty work. Understand you can’t progress much in 1 year but to do other things? Nope not a chance to develop because you’re glued to your headset. 
Engagement is next to none. Everyone is miserable and we all bask in our own depression. 
Managers are glued to their computer screens and then come down on you when you don’t hit targets.

Seriously don’t get a job here in the hopes of bigger and better things. Or even as a call centre job. Rubbish pay rubbish job rubbish development or even time to try and progress yourself. “Drive your development” they say.... Poor pay-all the others were alright. No investment in training or development.. Managers are either really good or really terrible, depending on who you get you might want to leave sooner rather than later. Telephony agents are asked to do more and more things weeks after weeks without reviewing targets or raising salary, little to no chance to move to another department if you are in telephony as everyone leave. Often understaffed and definitely underpaid considering the financial responsibility. lack of support, can be difficult toc communicate with management. Admin heavy
Some of the management don’t reflect the ethos of the company 
Although home working is allowed this is minimal. They could do with listening to individuals requirements and not having it as one rule fits all. Salary bandings aren't the best. Management do not care about their employees. Expect the world and all the help but give nothing in return. Punishing whole store teams due to one colleague causing problems rather than just deal with a colleague individually. Spoken to like dirt by management and line manager never has any time to help you with any customer issues that may need approval or process advice. As a business format they encourage you to use your initiative yet when you do you get reprimanded and told everything is to go through managers. Constantly changing their minds on how they want things done so you never know if you’re coming or going. Stand offs between management and staff when the managers are wrong and refuse to admit it (resulting in legal processes not being followed).. Bureaucracy regularly prevents actual work from getting done. Leadership talk about “growth mindset” while perpetuating an old fashioned blame culture instead of learning lessons and making changes to fix problems at their root cause.. Teamwork disorganised not good communication. Hostile environment
Continuous organizational change
Senior Management not interested
Roles not clearly defined. Unfair treatment, Unreliable, Poor Management,. Poor senior management 
Cost cutting impacts efficiency
Very poor communication between departments even teams in the same area 
More responsibility added to stuff to help cut costs
Lack of innovation  
More events and benefits if you work in Edinburgh office rather than Rosyth 
No Parking at Lochside (offer a car share scheme)
Pay is poor in comparison to nearby bank contact centres 
Advancement is based on who you know in some areas 
Some staff are paid more as they transferred from LBG who paid better than sainsburys, so you could be on £4k a year less than the person next to you doing the same job. Not enough staff members in the department. Can be chaotic and slow at times but worth it for the experience and the perks. No bonuses
A push to sell travel related products
Online rate much better, but cannot match in store
Shabby management
Lack of personal space. Can be stressful in summer when in a travel money bureau alone.. It was a fixed hours contract. no structure 
managers don't wander their phones. Long Hours 
Horrible Coworkers. Not many as socialising with colleagues is the best part. Limited opportunities, limited staff benefits. No neg so far, all good. Working hours no work life balance. Can be boring and monotonous 
A lot of protocol and legal procedure to follow. Low pay -  short hours of work.. Management and Decision Making is poor. Training did take quite a while.. When it’s not busy it’s quite boring. Micro Management from higher ups. Daily hours too short-prefer longer hours. Can be flexible but small team so can be hard to find cover. Absolutely awful pay. Slightly above minimum wage and that was only because I was a delivery driver. A whole 50p an hour more for that lol.. HR department is rather disorganised, only got my uniform the day before going off probation period and starting properly. Even then my manager had to chase them up for it.. Little to day here.. Done.. I came in part-time and ended up working 40 hours with no thanks and often got underpaid. The job is stressful and we were often understaffed so be prepared for customers being unreasonable! My primary line manager didn't care. You are often treated as separate to the rest of the store so it can be lonely when not in peak. - recruiting to tick box’s rather than the best people for roles
- The bank does not understand the retail side of the business and try and operate independently not integrated
- lack of stability and consistency at the top. Very low pay and pension. Politics, slow to move sometimes,. Management trained at the same time so they know the same as staff, if not less. None really, all seemed good. Pay could be more competitive and employee development could be improved. Can be monotonous most days.. Upselling pressure, though heard that's improved now.. career progression was limited at the time of leaving.. Needs more focus and development on modern working patterns. Hideous attitiude by team leaders pervades the atmosphere and creates sombre, depressed gloom. One in particular has a way of speaking to team members that directly contradicts the supposed company values and treats people in a way never encountered in any professeional environment previously. Utterly unacceptable and no clue how to get the best out of people or simply doesn not care.  To have  "leader" anywhere in their job title makes a mockery of all good leadership principles.. Slightly too much emphasis on upselling - not a big deal though.. * Old school business based on waterfall methodology
* too much contractors
*. Not much motivation to work hard as paid the same as a checkout worker.. Obsolete equipment and firewall make it almost impossible to perform at your best.

Lack of organisation and project management. A lot of projects are chaotic and there is no clear indication of roles and responsibilities.

The company prefer to hire internally rather than look outside in order to bring in the best talent. This way you end up having colleagues that cannot really do their job, because management tends to accommodate requests for internal moves. 

People get promoted more because they've been there long enough rather than because they have the right skills.

No money for new hires (at least in my department). Not only do they not hire new people despite being understaffed, also people who leave do not get replaced easily.

The whole building is overcrowded. Bathrooms always busy and not enough desks. There is a hot desk policy so you never know if and where you're going to be sitting. I hope you like working from the cafeteria.

Salaries are lower than in other banks.. Working outside is horrible, traffic, late online shoppers due to online crash crash, extra drops,finding addresses in the dark because equipment and sat nav is useless.Council estates with no lifts and no help.You are on your own.Don't bother calling anyone they won't help.Hardly saw management.If I'm honest they expect a little much of 1 person.Should be a 2 person job.Also if you finish early you won't get paid for it so have a coffee or sit in the staff room is what a lot of drivers do.Very physical and demanding work.A lot of women with bad backs and such as a result.No toilet (Got to search them out).If I'm honest I would rather be in store.If a driver is late or calls in sick,its not as though just anyone can drive.Recently left due to finding a higher paid job.. Solo working can be both boring and lonely during quiet periods. Training was lacking and took a long time to organise.. Salary for a regulated role is an utter joke. To customers - same uniform does not differentiate you from store staff. Little or no interaction, inclusion with store management.. Work Life balance, company keeps expecting more and more. The shifts were not the same every week and employees were expected to work at least one weekend shift per week. This means that if you are working part time and need to work on specific days to allow for another job, you'll have to discuss shift days with your manager in advance or swap shifts with colleagues. Sometimes you'd have a five hour shift, sometimes six and a half, sometimes ten.  The stores also change opening and closing times seasonally so you'd have to be aware of different starting and ending times.. The job can get boring and monotonious at times and the challenging customers you have to deal with at times.. Systems that they use were last used in a major bank by 1955 
Their website is so dated you spend half the day apologising to customers that the website is shocking. 

Team Managers think they are on the set of 'Wolf of Wall Street' they get extensive training on using buzz words but that is about it. Man Management skills is non existent. 

I watched 3 Reps - walk out of the Job because they were under constant stress and were bullied by the TM's. 

Training doesn't prepare for going out on to the office floor - they seem to forget half the processes that you may need.. Not enough opportunities to progress into higher roles.. Limited flexible working patterns available.. Poor senior management. No Training. Hr non exsistant. No support . No values. Restructure every 2 years.Not a secure Job.. It can be really boring and repetitive.
A normal working day is relatively quiet so it can get stressful spending hours without serving a customer. Management don't answer the phone sometimes. Really cold. Quite a lonely job. Very target driven. Paymentioned stops when bureau closes although it takes time to do administration.. poor management, poor learning opportunities, poor IT systems. Small bank with just a few career oportunities. No training. The job I applied for didn't exist - was thrown into a job which I didn't even apply for then told I wasn't good enough. No HR structure for probation review. Manager only looking out for themselves. Horrible horrible place to work!!! Allowed me to give up my full time job of 3 years with no warning that the job I got offered - wouldn't be ready until July 2016.. Less pay for the work that's done, long hour days 10 hours. And less support from management when needed and only phone support. Mental mathematics has to be good in case the travel money system breaks down. Can be dull when there are no customers. No chance for full-time employment in my role, if I wasn't a student and wanted a career this would be a serious con.. Decisions are often made very slowly. Lots of short term roles / unsure of long term prospects.. No Synergy My not deliver. poor upper management 
budgets
business model not with times to match discounters still thinking like a big supermarket and suffering because of that. lot of changes with salary lower for store management now. Most things. Wages are never right. Incompetent management. When things get busy in store you can't do the other jobs you need to do, causing you to get error marks on checks later on.. More training should be provided throughout all departments.  Also anonymous feedback regarding management and the office should be provided.. Incredibly physically demanding. It was ok for me only doing 2 nights a week but any more and you would really feel it.. Work life balance isn’t so good, eventhough you would finish at say 4 on an early, you would feel bad leaving. Colleagues there work so hard and do so much overtime and aren’t appreciated or paid for the extra time they do.. Rude customers at time, overworked at times. Subpar progression support and manage. In my years of working with customers I have never dealt with such rude, foul mouthed and disgustingly disrespectful customers the way I do at metrobank. Colleagues deal with verbal abuse from customers every single day. Additionally the shift patterns are a joke. You have to be available from early in the morning till late at night including weekends, you just never know what type of shift pattern you’ll have. The amount of work and abuse colleagues deal with does not match the pay, the income is terrible.. Too nice . Colleagues are not professional. Some people get away with doing bare minimum. The bank is a mess. A lot of changes happening. Senior management advertises the changes and challenges of the bank make the jobs here a great learning experience, to attract good staffs. But the bank is a mess because nobody is making things right here. They try to remediate problems, but they rush to come up with remediation plan, which is actually full of problems, and then rush to execute those ill approaches. So you actually can see the problems roll bigger and bigger. Some middle management are not really capable of doing their work, but they simply don't realize this and order you to work as they tell you. Culturewise, people do seem nice but I don't see how people's opinions and concerns (about every single aspect of the firm) are heard by senior management, or its just they don't want to hear them (most likely). Senior management always brags about how good the culture is here and the bank is all about culture, that's actually not what staffs are thinking about. Also, IT equipment not great. Laptops are too old, and always stuck or froze.. Shift work which is not ideal. none that i can think of. Could be less changes in the team. Can be long hours some days. Hard for growth 
Unreliable offers. has a culture of selling. Salary, culture, shift work, nothing else really. Praise for personality rather than hard work. Long working hours, horrible pay. sometimes feels off the cuff and not structured enough. Technology, cohesive working, too small. - Never have I worked in a company where money is just thrown at the most irrelevant causes. It is shocking to think how much money Metro have thrown away that shareholders are unaware of
- Promotions only occur if you have the gift of the gab in terms of sucking up. Forget being rewarded for hard work and initiative - you will only be promoted if you agree with management and never ever challenge the norm. Metro prides itself on apparently listening to everyone - trust me this does not happen. You could flag risks until you are blue in the face but nothing will happen
- HR department have made up promotions that they give to their staff to give them higher titles. These roles are never advertised or earnt, they are simply given so when these colleagues leave Metro they stand a better chance of obtaining a higher position outside of the bank. I feel sorry for other companies that hire anyone from Metro as they will think they are doing say a Head of role when the functions they are doing don't even warrant that of a manager. Someone had 4 promotions in 1 year to become a director - think that says it all.
- There are meetings galore without anything ever coming from it. All people do at Metro bank is talk without ever completing anything. All political spin jargon to make everything sound professional but in reality it is shocking how unprofessional the company is.
- You will not believe how many made up titles Metro have which means there are about 10 people doing the same job as you and you end up constantly challenging other people as to why they are doing what you should be doing.. Working hours, store manager is untouchable. Is very fast paced and changing. Pay is not good and work life balance not great. Team Leaders unwilling to support colleagues, and site leaders often clueless. Progression is limited within ADR. Stressful, Timings, growth, flexibility, support. There is a lot of favouritism. short for support
not the great environment 
less support. Good benefits and co-workers doing great. Customers can be quite rude. Too consumed with the culture other things seem less important. Dealing with Customer Complaints
Dealing with Customer Complaints
Dealing with Customer Complaints
Dealing with Customer Complaints
Dealing with Customer Complaints. Still relatively new in the banking scene.. The opportunities for growth do seem to have a particular limit and may require recent expertise that you wouldn’t necessarily have seeing that you’re a current employee.. - Some long drawn process as the organisation grew
- Too many decision makers at a given time. Pay is less than average. Managers
Rotas 
And opening times and shifts 
And salary. No overtime for officers. Just for the staff. Progress can be a bit slow. Too many Managers.. NONE I love working here. Favouritism, Unrealistic work expectations, Loyalty not respected/acknowledged. When busy it can feel like a pressure tank 
No real care for staff as customers always come first
Sometimes they promote staff to managers too quickly, they have not enough life experience to be managing a team. Pay increase at performance review. I rated above expectation (Live/Exceed) but my pay increase was less than inflation. So in real terms, I'd done more than what was expected but received a pay cut (in real terms).. Very few opportunities to progress at the moment. Opening to closing time can be slightly long. Ideas go unnoticed or are told to stay quiet.
Promotions are given to those who stuck up the most.
No recognition. Metro Bank has no cons as it is amazing to work at.. Some leaders might not poses the right leadership skills. movement can be slow and unpredictable.. There is no KPI or guideline whatsoever. They do have a framework to review your performance annually but it is completely down to your manager to decide your rating.. make one mistake and your punished severely. not well paid in NY. Poor leadership
External colleagues saturating culture. Magic Fridays managers red progressions. Standard pay
Working from home 
Progression is difficult. None specifically that I can thing of great place. Salary is weak, Days are repetitive.. management is poor as favourites are in lime light more. Shifts can vary from week to week with little time between for rest.
Can feel micromanaged with standards that seem too out of reach due to the nature and confinement’s of the role. 
For example, you are measured on your ability to stick to your schedule. A long call with a customer can easily impact this, without you being at fault.. The culture is really not what it used to be.
Since the new management took over, it has all gone downhill.
Extremely long hours, no work life balance, senior managers and directors email and message at all hours (earliest I got was 5am and latest midnight), even though they claim that ‘they are happy to discuss flexible working’. Flexible meaning, you have to be flexible and around.
Career progression is based on favouritism, or knowing that if they don’t promote, people will definitely leave, and people agreeing to get promotions without a raise with a semi-promise that they will get something the next year. Don’t ask for a raise, you won’t get it and you will end up 
 in their bad books.
The pay is low, the benefits are not great, except for the pension which is pretty good.
Don’t expect bonuses to be of much worth, and they stress that they are discretionary.
They don’t actually care about well-being, people being overworked and underpaid. It’s extremely difficult to get in lieu time for the extra time worked even if your manager knows that you have worked 10-12 hour days.
If you do decide to join, treat this as a temporary gig, most people leave after a couple of years, primarily the ones who are good at their jobs. The rest get promoted to fill roles that are incapable of doing.
Also, forget about training, there is literally no budget for that. They have an internal team who (bless them) do the best they can, but clearly are not going to be able to offer specialised training in areas outside the core bank roles.
Don’t make the same mistake I made to buy into the ‘culture’, it’s at best a facade. Who is left is some senior directors who have no clue what they are doing and destroying anything good left from the culture.. Slow moving work, not very exciting. Shift work
Politics within the organisation. Not flexible, low salaries compared to other companies. Sometimes you can come across the wrong person at the wrong time. Work life balance can be improved as well.. Salary being low for london living wage.. None so far to say. no cons so far I think hey can do better with pay. Shifts- days off inconsistent. Pay - could be better.. bad shifts, too many weekends shifts. Culture isn’t for everyone not v professional in the call centres. Hard to mine up the ladder. not much cons, can be challenging. Some arrogant managers. Lack of identity currently as to what type of bank they wish to be. Having to work weekends twice a month. work life balance at work. Management has gone through such a massive exodus that now there are only consultants who don't have a view of the vision of the firm - but just what needs to be done to get the firm to profit. If that means putting the the company ethos at stake so be it. But that's typical of all consultants. It's unfortunate that it's reduced to this. But such is the case. Credit risk is practically run by consultants now. Which means that the basic ethos of Metro Bank no longer lives.. Having been in the company over three years I've not found cons. Sometimes can get very busy , during busy times of the year. Get penalised of being 2 mins late, however expected to stay behind until cashiers close with out pay. 5 out of 7 days on a weekly basis.. Dealing with the public is stressful and the salary could be higher. There are no real cons to mention. They treat you like children and use you to get what they want with nothing in return. The company needs more employees. Slightly laid back
Still a budding bank. Can be draining and stressful. The base pay is considerably lower than other banks. Bank should cope up with trending technologies and scale up. underpaid, the culture is very cringe, reminds me of being in kindergarten. - Can get better pay in other financial companies for similar skillsets
- No real natural progression from role so have to re skill to get into other departments. Sometimes colleagues forget they are meant to lead rather than manage. Severely underpaid. Other companies pay more for the same job title. Disconnected with senior leadership
Overly bureaucratic for a challenger firm
Lack of recognition. Salary is not great for role. Crazy shifts and very unfriendly working environment. None at all! Really enjoyed. Some hours unsocial though. none I love this place love it. Not enough diversity in Senior roles
No BAME execs on the board. Can be a little overwhelming taking back to back calls. Long hours, late hours, bank holiday opening. weekend opening, low pay, late finishes. long hours, low pay, no progression. So much to do
Lack of investment in key areas. It is a very bad experience. Running million miles an hour without thinking of people.. Working hours, Salary, Slow progression. Nothing to mention, happy company. Such a toxic place to work. The management senior people everywhere are the only people that are ever listened to. Since all the old management have gone now and there are 50% more new management under new CIO, lots of us were hoping things would get better. So let's just say most of us are looking for new jobs as what she told us all a year ago was just basically lies.

We would get new teams to support everything, so where are they. Management all work as one team, but we all hear different opinions all day and they never tell us anything anyway. Some of us try to improve things but keep getting told we can't as there needs to be a project. There is no project. You can't have one, and management don't listen when you bump up to them. We don't have experts here in many things, but we do have lots and lots of probably very high paid managers. Like the other review said, so many people that don't have skills, but have been here since the bank started and are now really senior but don't know how to be that senior.

I've seen people try to improve things, but get told to stop, because some new manager wants something else done first. So we go fix that thing or work on this thing, and then get another thing to work on and nothing is finished. But they can say 'look at me i've spent lots of money so it must be good'. Don't raise eyebrow at that, or you may become a problem for them. How can I bump up if all the people to bump up to are the problem.

We also have favoritism problem. People hire there friends or the types they like, not experienced or skilled people. Have you ever seen the stats of diversity on the website, well this is good but does it make you wonder why we have that and how true it is. Come work here find out yourself. We do have lots of contractors like the other review said, some of them are good but how much do they cost compared to just getting more good staff for us internally?? And contractors come and go so the good ones can be replaced with really really bad ones.

Every day i'm told to do so many things but there is no time to do it all. So many problems everywhere and so many projects, do you think such a small team can do all of this work for the hole bank.

Many of us are happy to stay and work here for years and years I don't think I can and some of my colleagues are also looking for other jobs. If HR reply to this then can you answer the question, when is the last time you checked on Managers doing reviews and make sure that we have regular talks with them so we know what is happening and checked on how happy staff are. That survey doesn't count, no one said truthful things as we all know we become problems if we tell the truth.. Intense Hectic Pressure Sad Chicken n Chips. Poor development in skills needed. You don't get paid enough for what you do.. Minimal growth. There is politicking.. For a like for like role, the pay at other banks are higher.. Short staff and 1 day off in 30 days. Progression route is slow - no direction. Very over managed, you have a meeting every month with your manager that would be an annual appraisal anywhere else. rude manager 
not good enough pay 
rude colleagues
unorganised
expect too much from you. Onboarding process wasn't great - no overview of organization or products
IT support teams seem a bit disorganized, but this can be forgiven during covid. Opening hours are long and can get in the way of everyday life and planning.. No real structure or guidance. a lot of rude management. the bank didn't have any respect throws us. No bad things to mention. Can become heavily dependable
Can be stressful at times. Long hours, not enough support,. Bad management 
Undersigned managers 
Too much gossiping 
Dont care about the colleagues only about the customers. poor salary aaana aaa aa. Over worked 
Underpaid
Long interview process. Salary could be better
Work life balance. weekly Magic shops, having fake shoppers to test the service made me very anxious. The recruitment from within the bank is awful. People get promoted into management positions because they’ve been with the company for ages rather than based on merit. The mid level management at Metro is shambolic. Majority get a massive ego trip and the others don’t have the experience or knowledge for the role. 

The whole place seemed like a circus once I got into Head Office. You are treated like children to the point where we had a seating plan!!!! Asking to take holidays always seemed like an inconvenience and you were crucified for turning up a few minutes late to work.

The bank is losing money at an alarming rate and I can’t see it turning around anytime soon.. Legacy issue need sorting out. This "cult" will suck the life out and offer you as a sacrifice to it's customer stay away.. Management are incompetent, have been given too much power for the level of skill they possess. Completely unsupportive and are quick to blame rather than praise. Avoid metro bank. Variable days of work and hours.. Was let down with their management of people issues on a number of occasions (eg mental health), they give a persona of being supportive but let themselves down on this on many occasions. Lack of development and training in the head office and clear favouritism across the board. Management team can be picky and favouritism for promotions. Sometimes very busy, although very rewarding. Lots of work to do. Dreadful place to work. It starts off good but it’s all an act. Bullying and intimidation is common throughout and managers are poor. They advice you to speak to your people partner who then work with management behind your back. They make your life hell. Policies are made up as they go along and they try buy customers gifts so that they get good feedback, it’s all a con. Do not work here it is an awful place to work. It will not be around much longer so do not join, they are dreadful to work for. The positive reviews on here are ones where management have told colleagues to put on. This is the truth, if you want to stay healthy and sound minded do not join this toxic environment. Low salaries most times below what other companies will pay for the same role. Excellent way of getting loads of experience. Inconsistent pay across colleagues who are in the same job role. Sometimes I dont feel supported by my colleagues. I can't think of a negative to be honest.. I wouldn’t recommend anyone to work for this company. 
Inexperienced, young store managers put in charge. 
Promotions are obtained by being in ‘the clique’.
Store managers are over paid for sitting out the back of store all day with no clue to what’s going on.
If they are involved in ‘the clique’ nothing gets done about this. 
‘The clique’ consists of store managers, assistant managers and senior leaders that look after the area.
They treat customer service representatives and cashiers as children, not listening to their opinions and views leading to big divides in store. If you dare push back and raise concern around anything you will be told that you are not living the metro bank behaviours and culture and they will then look to discipline you going forward. 
The company like sheep, so if you do join, I advise you to stay quiet and not speak out.
Training carried out upon employment was average. 
Work life balance is in existent, unpaid overtime when things in store go wrong. 
Sold the dream when you join about progression, this changes quickly as soon as you properly start. 
Plans for new stores going forward are minimal so don’t expect to go anywhere fast. 
The company implement their own hr rules which do not fall inline with other banks around a duty of care to their colleagues. 
They have no union representatives to stand up for what’s right so they get away with a lot that they shouldn’t and bully colleagues out of the company. 
Colleagues get to fill in a colleague engagement survey, this is a fix as they tell you what to put to make them look good.
If you look at the media and the reviews on here you will realise this is a company to avoid as a customer and colleague.. High expectations for working long hours despite low salary.. Only promote favourites instead of results driven.. Nothing As of yet everything is great so far. Management not very helpful at all. Need more maturity in technical bids. After working in financial services for over 5 years & 10 years as a customer service representative. Metro Bank is single handed they worst company I have ever come across. 

A very draconian, company in terms of employee rights, you have no choice in working hours, no religious freedoms, unnecessarily bureaucratic for the smallest of changes like store temperature, waiting weeks for anything to be fixed. You'll be asked to give feedback for changes for improvements instore that falls upon deaf ears. God forbid you get sick get ready for a disciplinary meeting.

Lack of professionalism is the worst at this company, they seem to only hire kids from college or university with little to no prior work experience. Mangers are condescending and belittling talking down to you as if you're a child. It's seems that most managers were promoted based on favoritism and not on actual leadership qualities. The amount of discrimination is quite frankly disgusting for a UK based company.

The training provided is inadequate for what it's required for you to do the job and you will be blamed for the REG/RQT fails, despite fellowing Metropedia knowledge article as there's caveats.

Few colleagues are actually willing to help you understand products and systems processes, 90% of the time you'll be reading articles that make little sense to do your job. <U+0001F602>

Antiquated IT systems the T24 system is horrible UI, unreliable, and should of been strangled in the crib.

Stagnanted progression, be ready to be CSR for at least two years on a crap salary. 

Avoid this company at all cost!!! Covid19 has shown this company would rather have you drop dead at your desk, whereby managers have been going against governmental guidelines.. Non-competitive salary for customer-facing colleagues.. Not flexible , hard to get time off. -Favouritism (poor management they only promote who they like) 
-Unsociable working hours
 -If management they don't like you for whatever reason they will make your life hell. Permanent staff totally unskilled at anything other than dodging real work. This team has zero talented people working permanently. No one with any experience will join this team full time. This is due to salaries offered being well below average and poor reputation. Not only the reputation of the bank as a whole, but the team that I work in has a very poor reputation in the industry. This team is a laughing stock to outsiders and essentially a cash cow to contractors that can stomach the deceit of permanent staff. 

If you ask a perm a question about something mildly technical, they will refer you to another contractor. I am not talking about delegation of work, but actual ability and desire to do the same job as a contractor. This problem becomes greater the higher up the food chain you go, the less they know. For every permanent member of staff, there is a contractor doing their real job.  I am ashamed and  embarrassed for them. 

I personally would not hire any of these people based on ability and experience. This is nothing personal, just business. If you have been here long enough and have kissed enough backsides, you can get into a role you would never reach anywhere else. 

I hope I am wrong, but I can only assume this problem is happening across all teams in Metro bank. If so then the money they have wasted with such short sighted and poor recruitment would make their shareholders scream.. Recent Press, lack of experienced staff. Sharing a room, having to travel. - shifts can be quite long. The Metro codes start and stop with the People team. The skill set of some of the management need revision. Underpaid and forgotten in your role. Shift work, not all weekends are off. - Lacks progression/moving up when in a specialist role like IT 
- Lacks learning when in a specialist role like IT 
- Lacks proper salary increases and is determined by the companies performance rather than your own personal performance
- The culture/values is sort of drilled into you - borderline obsessive
- Some mediocre projects and sometimes resistive to change
- Some people across the organisation are not suitable for the job and tend to not get things done the right way due to lack of knowledge 
- Is good on paper, but usually will be faced with disappointment more often than not 
- Depends on team, but some teams need more diversity and lack professionalism 
- You will pay a percentage for some of your benefits from your salary such as dental or private insurance. Hours can sometimes be unsociable. Hours can be long, but not forced!. Great benefits in many departments that aren't shared in store.. No real negatives to be honest. Culture needs work as it is inconsistent .. When promoted internally you are placed on a different pay scale to those coming in externally. Can be put outside your comfort zone at times but never in a bad way.. Lower salaries. Can be hard to get from store to head office. Management can be non empathetic and there is as pressure to be seen to be working hard to give the impression you are doing a good job rather than just doing a good job through implementation of automation and controls. There are no downsides to working at Metro Bank. nothing seems bad in branch. Awful management.  Understaffed.. Downturn in current share price. Bad management store manager doesn't really care shifts not flexible. - alot of managers dont care 
- hard to get a good rating for bonus. Unpaid overtime is expected due to workload.
Management is out of touch and frankly most lower management is awful. No understanding of systems and highly variable expectations of staff.
Random work hours making work life balance a difficulty.
Fake culture that seems to be failing across the company.
Pay is low when compared to what you will actually be doing.. The managers were the worst , so rude unprofessional and had favouritism towards there on kind. Happy to help one another because there Indian. I got managed out due to pointing that out to hr and investigating launching and being made to feel uncomfortable but branch management everyday. Scary approach to risk and regulation
Lack of investment in infrastructure - too much wasted on stores
You will be given 'opportunities' which in other companies would be called a promotion, but you won't get credit for it (or a pay rise) 
Staff in some areas are expected to take on far too much
Too much money is spent on consultancies instead of keeping and attracting talented people
Complaining about pay and conditions is strongly discouraged and can earn you a talking to
There is a bigger gender pay gap than it seems, because lots of women are given lesser titles for doing the same job as men. Moves very fast, very busy, sometimes a lack of structure.. Average salary not so competitive. We have been in the news a lot this year which has impacted colleague confidence and morale. However we are busy building out our business banking capabilities that will be released over the next 24 months and our store network in the North.. Culture very blurred over the years. You work on a shift basis since the bank is open 7 days a week early until late, expect some long weeks and long closes when you're on the late, especially if your store becomes short on staff. Banking environment involves lots of risk, this can cause management to be overbearing.. Can be very busy and fast paced which may not suit everyone. No reward for higher educational studies - such as grad schemes
Rota work can be inconsistent and affect work/life balance. Who you work with matters but it's about who you are and if you fit in with their culture so not for everyone.. There are very few career opportunities left as 2019 has been a “challenging” year for the bank (read: poor financial performance). If your face fits, you get the job. If it doesn’t, you stay where you are. Too much focus on acquiring colleagues externally rather than developing them to grow. This is probably one of the reasons the bank is haemorrhaging funds. 

If you’re unsuccessful in getting a new role internally, the bank will continuously feed you back intangible and immeasurable growth objectives every time you apply in hopes that you give up altogether. The bank prefers extroverts; if you’re quiet, you’re going to get ignored and opportunities will pass you by. 

Performance objectives are very loosely defined. AMAZE Review templates show two criteria: GOOD and BAD. However, there are five levels to the performance review so where you rank depends not only on how well you do your job but whether your manager likes you. 

Lots of false promises on the bank’s part; Learning to Lead is a key example. A CSR could enrol on the leadership programme as part of Cohort 32 (for example). This colleague is then able to apply for ASM roles before completing Learning to Lead. Meanwhile, colleagues from Cohort 29 are still waiting for ASM roles. This is not fair, not well thought out and only creates a backlog of trained, but unfulfilled colleagues. 

The bank is going to have a tough time when these colleagues realise they can get what they want from their careers elsewhere. 

Pay is okay. Nothing special. Slightly more than other banks but when colleagues are expected to work shifts between 8AM and 8PM I wouldn’t say pay reflective of the silly hours. Some CSRs do in fact get away with working 9AM to 5PM Monday to Friday because they’ve earned the coveted rank of “Business CSR”. This role doesn’t actually exist on paper, so is in fact just a different way of saying “preferential treatment”. 

Managers also get funny with you when you say you’d like to leave on time. They also expect you to arrive ten to fifteen minutes before your shift starts (this is unpaid, obviously). Fifteen minutes, four days a week, is an hour. At an hourly rate of around £10 or more, that’s a £40 loss to people who decide to turn up early and not get paid for it. 

The culture on paper is very different to the culture in practice. On paper, asking questions is actively encouraged, but when TMS (a third party organisation the bank outsources its disputes and fraud investigations to) realise you work in store, they become snappy, rude and abrupt with you for no reason. 

When a CSR opens an account in Store, there is a likelihood it is checked by RQT (Retail Quality Team). When this happens, the account is examined to ensure the Customer Service Rep has followed the appropriate procedure (conveniently outlined on a neat little Sharepoint site called “Metropedia”). All good, right? Just follow the procedure and it’ll all be fine? You would think so, but nope. 

Turns out, Metropedia has articles and procedures on it that RQT don’t seem to be able to access or frankly want to read to use to update their checking frameworks. Metropedia clearly states where to scan various pieces of paperwork, but RQT’s Matrix is dated and it’s easier to issue a fail for not following procedure than to actually update the matrix, one assumes. 

This is very frustrating to anyone with a modicum of common sense, but speaking up is actively discouraged and when I pulled RQT up on this, I got an email from the the team RQT, dotted with passive-aggressive smileys effectively telling me that if I didn’t like it, I should ask for the procedure to be changed. The practical solution is, in fact, to get your framework updated to match the CURRENT procedure… <U+0001F60A> 

Lastly, there’s the vernacular. The tacky, forced, in-your-face garishness of it all is comical and is the reason Metro Bank will never be anything more than a novelty in the industry. Colleagues are encouraged to be AMAZEING. The CIPD guidance on how to effectively coach and train is disregarded in favour of a model that doesn’t exist anywhere else: MCOACH. The bank spends a lot of money on useless junk to SURPRISE and DELIGHT its customers – no, wait, FANS! If you do this well, you’re a PIONEER who LIVES and DELIVERS the VALUES and BEHAVIOURS. If you do this really, really well, you’re a REVOLUTIONARY who CHAMPIONS and EXCEEDS! 

The truth is, folks, nobody is going to care what label this bank put on you. Not a single soul beyond the bank is going to understand what any of this nonsense means. It’s convoluted and makes it hard to explain to anyone outside the bank. I think fundamentally, it’s just a way to keep people in place.

Maybe if the bank ditched the cringeworthy -isms that mean nothing elsewhere and adopted established frameworks instead of making their own up, colleagues wouldn’t feel so frustrated that they don’t have anything to aim for. 

Anyway, it’s been fun. I’m not coming back. Thank you for allowing me to invest in myself over the last three years. Shame the organisation wouldn’t invest in me. My stock shot up in value, the bank were unable to pay it.. Communication lacks from the top, however this has been reviewed. Working hours and shifts
Challenging customers
Store management don't care
Always a lack of staff members. Working Saturday and Sunday. The pay is good for part time especially after you get a pay raise. However full timers, the pay is not enough.. Low staff  salary. Could be better.. Times are changing. A year ago this would have been a 5 star review. To lose 2 stars in such a short space of time in my opinion would be a cause of concern to me.
The culture is changing. As the company grows it seems to be diluting it, with higher staff numbers and turnover this was unfortunately inevitable perhaps.
It has been a tough year for MB, especially in the media. This has potentially put some financial constraints in place. However my biggest concern regards staffing levels in existing stores. I can't speak for the company as a whole but the store in which I work has lost 2 members of staff in the last few months, neither of whom have been replaced. Apparently we were over staffed before hand. This has led to unmanageable work loads for the remaining staff and having to stay extra hours unpaid just to get things done. Stress levels and disharmony are rising and I wouldn't be surprised to lose more staff to illness soon. This isn't the MB I signed up to or indeed love working for.. Do not even think of joining this bank, it is going downhill and no one will buy it, so its as good as dead. When your doing the conga there are people serving their notice period as made redundant.. It gets very repeatitive at times but once you progress it gets better. The pay seems to be a lot less than the average for a similar role elsewhere, the management style is tediously micromanaged, somewhat similar to a school environment. Growth seems to depend on who you know rather than what you know.. Being with the company for four years I have seen many different teams. Unfortunately across most of them some of the management can be seen as having favourites and giving those who may be ‘louder” more opportunities to progress even when being undeserved. This is due to many of the managers being very young and inexperienced. In my own experience being extremely hard working, despite this I would see many around me who would often not work as hard, but due to being close to management would be offered promotions without having any respect from other colleagues. This is detrimental to the companies growth. The company also do not replace staff once people have left which creates a stressful, intense environment creating low morale and poor mental health. Often managers will make people over work because they are worried about the perception of the customer, although putting this kind of pressure on colleagues is always going to have a negative effect.. too much work and very little progression. Most of the good people have left. The leadership have lost credibility because no one has been held accountable for the mess with the risk weights and the share price collapse. There is no believable plan to move forward.  

You can get away with the worst behaviour and performance if you are friendly with the right people.  They talk a lot about culture but when it really matters most of the people are making stuff up as they go and they will lie, cheat, backstab or bully anyone who questions what is happening. 

The junior people suffer the most. They have to work longer and harder at lower pay and in worse conditions because the leaders don’t know what they are doing.. As a cashier you have to stand during your shift and can only sit down when you don’t have a customer in front of you..coming from a busy store this meant never. Managers micromanage you to the point you avoid even going for a water break. Too many young people handed assistant management roles on a platter who abuse their positions to create their own rules. For example you are expected to turn up 15 minutes before your shift (for huddles and to ‘be ready’ to serve) but if you arrive within that 15 minute window suddenly you are ‘late) and this gets logged as well as being pulled away for a ‘chat’ on behaviours and standards. Fast forward to your bonus/grading review and these things will be brought up and WILL be held against you and reflect in your grading. Management want to bang on about ‘one team’ but in reality when you provide them with feedback about what is going on in store and how staff are mistreated they will listen to it but do nothing about it. Everyone is in it for themselves...dog eat dog company.. Too competitive,  immature team members. • Working Bank Holidays and late (8pm). Sadly 2019 has been a horror show for the bank. Starting with the accounting error, restructure of various departments resulting in redundancies (especially Commercial), and despite best efforts to project a positive image to the market the share price continues to take a pummelling. It is unbelievable there has been no change at the top of the bank whilst those further down the food chain are suffering. At any other respected organisation this would not happen as the market would demand heads of those in charge. I feel trust in the Exec has been lost, job security is lacking, the strategy is unclear, and culture is being dissolved which is a shame.. My experience was entirely positive. There is no cons to working at metro bank. No progression opportunities. Inexperienced management. It’s a good job to start your career but the company nor the careers offered are sustainable. No work life-balance with the shift pattern.. Bank is failing avoid at all costs. Metro Bank have continued to grow too fast, taking on too much too quick, not enough staff in stores or head offices to which the back office cannot cope, the wrong people in management roles & alot of redundancies with more to follow.  
The AML teams are struggling and in real trouble with most of the staff looking to leave. The pay for the jobs undertaken by these teams are severely underpaid and understaffed with a continuous increasing work load. They have lost alot of good experienced people recently so contractors have been hired to help with them back log or work with some paid around £300-£400 per day - Internal staff are told there is 'no budget' for salary increases. Progression within the teams is nonexistent and mostly hired externally. Your treated like a child with fear installed into you by poor, deluded & power hungry management. The working environment is toxic and depressing and has had the life sucked out of it. 
The AML teams have crumbled under poor leadership & management and they should be held accountable for current mess they are in. It's scary when you realise the actual importance of these departments and what they are put in place for, only for them to be mismanaged so bad causing a very high risk for the bank in many aspects. 
These departments were once seen at the most sought after in the bank; now they seen as the entrance to hell.. Travel to London from Luton which costs me a lot.. pay below market rate
you are only supported financially for studies.. Long unsociable hours, rude unprofessional management who don't care about colleagues as you are just a number to them, expected to do a lot with nothing in return, obvious staff favouritism. Staff bonuses have been cut, there is hardly any career progression anymore as the bank is FALLING APART, everyone is miserable and on the look out for new jobs.. none that i can think of. Nothing to mention for now. The whole job. Some assistant managers bully staff below them, they were also poorly suited to their role as they were neither knowledgeable or personable. This has led to high levels of colleague disengagement across all levels. Working weekends. Fake values no one really embodies, people just put on a show when necessary I.e. visits from higher ups and magic shops.. Hours are draining (working Saturdays and Sundays)
Unprofessional store managers
Large gap between senior and entry level employees. Restructuring in several departments within the bank. 
Retail Focus.. Senior management are not supportive, and seem to know little of what is actually going on within their teams. Low salary and does not reflect workload

Progression is very difficult for colleagues due to unrealistically high expectations from management team.. none really 
It’s very fast paced, which is not a surprise considering the rate of growth, Need to slow it down a little.. Having not witnessed anything negative from senior management directed towards myself, I do understand where the negative feeling within AML/ Financial Crime has come from. Senior management of AML team have very little concern for staff and there has been clear instances of staff favouritism/ discrimination which is the primary reason for multiple recent resignations and subsequent negative reviews left on GD. There is a clear issue of transparency when it comes to internal recruitment/ promotion. 

The team lost a vast amount of experience purely due to poor management and; staff feeling under-valued. Unfortunately none of these issues have been addressed, and which is why I feel compelled to leave this review. I fear this is only the start, with multiple staff, (including members of the management team) recently expressing the same concern. The above along with an constantly increasing work  pressure (with less staff) with no reward has created a toxic work environment. 

Ultimately  the AML team is headed up by a poor leader who has past their sell by date, and unfortunately lacks basic Diversity, inclusion and team motivation skills. This has had a detrimental effect on the whole team and has ruined what was a great culture. A diplomatic, well thought reply from Danny (CO) will probably be the only communication I will ever get with the senior Metro Bank Team, but at the end of the day, the fact that current staff are actively seeking jobs elsewhere speaks volumes. 

Do not waste your time boarding a sinking ship.. - As the Bank grows so do the challenges - this isn't for everyone as we are breaking new ground every day
- Pace of change is huge - easy for people to be overwhelmed despite the support engine. Salary was not great, especially if you are an internal colleague the pay rise on your promotion is not good. There would  be quite a gap between your salary and someone who is externally hired doing the same role and that was quite frustrating. 
During my time in store there were a lot of management changes and staff shortages, I understand customer services role requires advance notices for holidays or time off however even in an emergency the management would never be supportive and would persuade you to come into work or interrogate you when requested a sick day or a day off for family emergencies making the situation a lot more worse than it already is for the colleague.. Just 1:
- very fast paced, which is not a surprise considering the rate of growth, but maybe too fast for some people. There are two parts of the bank; retail and the rest with the latter treated like a second class citizen. When the bank imploded in January commercial was hit the hardest and our roles changed materially. Jobs were put at risk (which got worse quickly) yet nobody from the exec bothered to walk the floor to ask if people were ok. This from a bank that claims to have culture at the heart of its DNA. Some of the exec are on the same floor as the people who’s very jobs were at risk. Every week the new joiner conga happens around people who are working a notice period for compulsory redundancy. Nice eh ? 
Part way through my time there the atmosphere changed, driven some a small number of senior people. This drove a blame culture and back stabbing whereby there has to be a guilty person for everything.. Very much a transitional year, but Metro has always had changes, so if your not willing to learn and adaptable, this may not be for you

The culture is everything so creating fans of our customers is key every single time, which means you need a lot of self motivation and focus. Confused leadership, Planning does not seem to count back end support services as important, only front end customer growth, little focus on the customer journey once a customer is onboard. Metrobank has started cutting costs and has really this has made everybody lose morale. Started saying that headcounts are high in certain stores and moving people around without a choice to cut costs. People are becoming more unhappy and it has even caused a few people to leave. The growth when I first joined was amazing but since now they have slowed everything down and started to prolong the process for colleagues. The culture is what made me join Metrobank but it is really becoming a different place to work in the last 2 months compared to the beginning and it really shows with the morale of store it is upsetting as I love working for Metrobank but it has become a shell of itself.  ASM's are really getting overworked and are getting tired as if somebody calls in sick no cover is given and they sometimes do a double shift. There is NO cons working with metrobank. - Some teams have more of the Metro Bank culture about them than others, which can lead to a skewed experience of work here 
- Growing! Growth means change and moving quickly, working hard. My team have helped me strike a healthy work-life balance, but I've heard of other colleagues who work longer hours than the role should require. (This is by no means expected or universal however). Extremely depressing workplace
Customer Service Specialist (Former Employee), Wimbledon – 10 June 2019
Cons: Long hours, rude coaches, depressing
The Metro Bank regulations state that they will train the staff properly before actually going through the contact center. However, I don’t feel like I was being encouraged to do my best but I felt demotivated by all their negative comments on my performance. Every call I made- my coach had a pen and paper ready to write negative comments on my performance. This was very distracting as I was on a call to a customer. 

They wasted a lot of my time, where they did not bother to sign me off or even check my progress for three days straight. My other colleagues were signed off by the boys. The ladies working there were more negative and interrogating towards my performance, which impacted me mentally. This has caused me a lot of stress and detriment to my health. 

Personally, I believe I have made a lot of progress, but the coaches repeatedly told me that I have hearing problems, and when I told them I couldn’t hear them, I felt like they were not helping me or being respectful to my situation. And whenever there were angry rude customers they would blame me for making the customer upset. 

Because I couldn’t hear the customer, I asked closed questions, the coaches gave me negative feedback every single phone call I made. But how can I help the customer if I cannot hear them?

They made me feel nervous throughout the day, as they kept questioning every single thing I said. They wrote a list of negative remarks throughout each of my calls and told the manager each time, which caused me to feel even more anxious. 

I felt like I was treated differently from my other colleagues who were easily signed off, even though they were also struggling a lot. 

At the end of a phone call, my coach told me: "Do you really think this job is for you?"

I felt all this interrogation and negative remarks on my performance was a form of bullying, but disguised as a coach helping a graduate. At Metro Bank, we chant the Metro Bank culture of AMAZING, but none of them embodies this culture. There is no energy or positivity in their speech. And they did not give any positive remarks on my performance. Only that my welcome sounds nice and my voice is good- THAT IS THE ONLY POSITIVE THING THEY SAID. They have really not tried their best to support us. They have their jobs, therefore they only care about themselves and they don’t care if some of us don’t get signed off as they are only there to coach. But coaching is also about having a good attitude and respect for your colleagues. 

Even if you get signed off, the pay is not good for the amount of work we put in. They will check every phone call you make with the customer, check how long you take breaks, there are audits on the computer to check what you're doing. You will feel trapped. 

I write this review to advise people to not apply for Customer Service Specialist- because you will be in the contact center the whole day and if you do not get signed off they will eventually have a meeting to discuss your performance and fire you. And I'm sure no one wants a P60. 

This job is a lot of pressure- even in the mornings, the computers will register what time you start your shift, what time you go to lunch, how long you put the customer on hold and what time you come back and go home- EVERYTHING IS RECORDED. This is so the manager can track you.

They make us travel to Slough for one-day shadowing, and told us the day before. Slough is 3 hours away from where I live. They will make you travel long distances, and even if they say they will reimburse your travel; some colleagues complain you need to keep hassling them to give them your money back. 

Also before you start training, they have a Metro Bank University that you need to past in the first two weeks, if you do not pass you get fired. Because they get a new group every 2 weeks and therefore can't spend more time training you. 

I remember speaking to the new group who came in, and I will never forget a lady who told me "I gave up my job of over 20 years to come here, and after those two weeks at university I feel so stressed out to the point where I am not able to sleep properly."

Get out of it whilst you still can. Go to university, travel, enjoy life and pursue your goals and dream.. Including but not limited to:

Metro Bank have the knack of selling dreams to unsuspecting job seekers and experienced professionals, promising them an environment of progression, skill building and being surrounded by knowledgeable people. To say this is an absolute FARCE is too kind of a word. As someone who worked as an apprentice payment officer in a much smaller international bank, I thought going to Metro Bank would be a step up from where I was, however I was sadly mistaken when I realised I’d taken a huge nosedive into a bank whose staff are driven by titles, use of tacky vernacular i.e. “bump it up”, conga line cult initiation rituals and a huge absence of real payments knowledge and basic common sense for human function.
After your 2 day “Visions” baptism session, you start your role and at first, you’ll be full of enthusiasm, looking to make your mark in the business and for the customers. After a while you’ll look around you and realise how much upper management really don’t care about their subordinates or the work involved. You think you’re going to join a team which specialises in Payment processing. Instead you’re rendered to be the highest form of a contact centre drone, answering completely absurd questions of title driven “bankers” and “managers” which could be solved by simply reading statements or emails. As the banks processing unit, we must work with other teams, who you guessed it, are utterly incompetent. You’ll find most staff in the Private team are illiterate, passive aggressive, grotesquely rude and incapable of retaining the most basic information, with brains essentially like colanders. Don’t stand up for yourself against these people, because your senior manager will go against you to bootlick them. When issues are brought up about this team, senior payments managers flock like geese to defend the blatant wrongs of another department, blaming us for it. Instead of senior management taking the team seriously when raising concerns, they punish colleagues for Private’s gaping lack of knowledge and common sense. Time and time again senior managers have been made aware, with proof of the problems within the bank and its either ignored or thrown back to the team. There’s an obsession with taking on other department’s core roles and not paying anything for it. Overtime is such a myth and now the weekend work is excessive. Senior processing managers have a tendency of involving themselves in issues they have no part of, which shows as processes are appalling, affecting both staff and customers who they swear blind to care about. I’ve personally witnessed a manager sending another colleague to do their dirty work whilst standing 2 steps from their victim. People leave as quick as they come, and can you really blame them? 
Also note that the “pathways” they love to boast about are only good for cashiers and contact centre workers. Once you make it to head office, consider yourself glued to your chair (that is if you have one. There has been a huge issue with chair shortages for a good 2 years and management refuse to resolve the issue). 
The systems used are garbage such as Trash 24, Outlook and Can’t Really Manage, which are constantly down with server issues and rest assured your emails will go missing never to be seen again. Rather than fix up the systems, Metro are too busy burning money away at newly built “stores” instead of awarding reasonable pay raises and bonuses, but the CEO is sure to get his hefty one. Don’t even think the pay is decent, because it’s not. You’ll be sorely low balled, it makes you wonder how desperate one had to be to take the job.
Frankly, staff aren’t respected and are treated like ignorant children by ignorant and arrogant managers. I truly understand why customers refer to Metro as a “mickey mouse bank”. If you want to progress your career, be paid a liveable wage and not deal with fake passive aggressive management then avoid. The greying bigwigs are certainly aware of the problems as you’ll see them stomping up and down the office throughout your ever-changing shift patterns. I’d rather run my hands through a meat mincer than sit in the payments team again. Such a shame because the team leaders are stars, but anyone above them are not to be trusted. I must make it clear as my team leader has said in countless 1 to 1 meetings that I really had put my all into this place and got nothing from it. You’ll grow bitter realising you’re only highlighted for mistakes or blame shift, never being recognised for your ability and knowledge, AVOID THIS “BANK” LIKE THE BUBONIC PLAGUE IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU. P.s you’re not allowed to be sick.

I rate the place one big fat goose egg. Senior staff can be rude. Training could be better eg external courses for specialist roles. Very very minimal work life balance. Press, press & more press.. You often find a negative customer who came in just to poke fun.. But hey, that's the public for you!. Long term vision needs to improve along with training. Senior management also need to lead the business with conviction. Managers without experience and senior manager making biased decisions. - Favouritism! 
- Not a system built on Meritocracy. 
- You are just a number. 
- Great teams do not last as people leave due to limited progression especially ethnic minorities. 
- Some management are toxic yet if they have a good relationship with their seniors all complaints are disregarded.. Like every other bank they are slow.. General cons of working anywhere 
We face a more unique challenge of maintaining and strengthening our fantastic culture and ideal behaviours while also helping and encouraging other colleagues to do the same. No flexibility in the working hours, out of date equipment and systems used.. Racism from all levels of senior management within Financial Crime. One of the worst organisations I have ever worked in. This may be portrayed as a one off review, but rest assured this is not the case. Senior management within AML Investigations has done their upmost to limit promoting within and instead recruit ex police officers, all of a particular race I might add - creating a dream team in her eyes and simply forgetting about the current colleagues who have been working through blood, sweat and tears to gain a promotion. 

I have already heard stories from ex colleagues whereby new entrants have come in (caucasian) and already have been fast tracked to other work streams and potential fast track promotion without looking at the current colleagues who are already in the team. As I previously stated, at least 4 colleagues have resigned and I know more are in the pipeline due to the disgusting behaviour by senior management to AML specialists. Why is it that AML Investigators and Fraud have all been given a pay rise, but not AML specialists? Executive team, please look at the amount of resignations handed in to management in the last six months please?


Poor, poor management - Felt like I was at school
Favoritism was probably the most common aspect within Financial Crime and Metro Bank as a whole. 
No progression - the face has to fit!

JOKE!

Please, please do not consider applying for a post like this, I was lucky to get out at the right time! There are plenty of jobs in London paying at least double the salary they are offering (£28k). Salaries are not competitive and they have lost a lot of good employees because of this. Hard work is not rewarded and people who are well liked get promoted ahead of people that are actually good at their job.. Culture has changed, it’s just not what it was. Lack of transparency and visibility of Exec - it’s all about cutting cost now whilst pretending it’s not.. The hours are difficult, have to work bank holidays unless you use holiday to book them off,. I have no cons that I can think of.. Sometimes work load can get quite a lot and as an assistant manager you do get many responsibilities however with good personal time management and the correct time utilisation it is not such a huge issue. Also I feel that some assistant managers do a lot more work than others however I've never had issues giving them that feedback and it's all about challenging people the correct way.. Wage bracket is low compared to other roles in the industry. Mediocre middle management. We had to work holidays and weekends, the rota was done by other staff member and not management. When the person made mistakes with the rota booking you to work weekends when you are on holidays, management feedback was "you need to find someone to cover for you" and shrugged any responsability off. Even though they were the ones approving your holidays! This obviously created unnecessary tension whithin the team. 
A lot ot team leaders and managers didn't have enough work experience to do their jobs right and this lead to many poor business decisions.  And unfortunately this is accross Metro Bank, people that would start working in the call centre, whithin a year were working in Head Office doing an important job, with no banking experience whatsoever.  Even though MB instigates suggestions and open conversations, higher management never gets staffs true opinions/suggestions because middle management blocks it.. As we have grown there is a risk that the culture is being diluted.

The culture won’t be for everyone and the expectations of you as a colleague are really high (they need to be given what the bank wants to achieve). If you don’t have high expectations of yourself and what you want to achieve then it won’t be the place for you.. No cons. It’s a great place to work and develop your career. As a BAME colleague you will struggle to be promoted into Management within the People/ HR team. Your line manager will approve the internal application but the European background candidate will always be seen more favourably. The company has several diversity and inclusion initiatives but it is not being adopted in the People/ HR team. Its  who you know and BAME colleagues like myself unfortunately don't have connections in to the typical middle class group.. -Variable shift
-Hard to arrange a short-notice holiday. The Change function at Metro Bank is quite immature. 
Resource also sometimes feels a bit scarce.. - No work/social life balance - Will be working weekends
- Rota is gives 1 day off in one week and 3 days off in the next which can lead to working 9 days in a row, which can burn you out.
- If you apply for a personal banker role - you will be expected to be cashier trained and work between personal banking and counter. No pay increase for this.
- Last minute rota changes without your knowledge
- Some managers tend to have favourites which causes some staff to be treated differently from others.
- Bonuses are given to you on how close you are to your manager than the quality of your work.
- Staff room for some stores and ridiculously small, if you are not good with small spaces then beware!
- No incentive for working bank holidays - Yes they are open on Bank holidays - Which goes back to my main point of no work/life balance.
- Personal Bankers not given time to finish off remedial work, they are given customers one after another by the duty manager, often staying back after your shift to finish work.
- Cashiers are expected to stand for the 8hrs of their shift and are reprimanded if they sit down. 
 - Cashiers are required to wear a bright blue vest which distinguish them from a Personal banker, most customers find this distasteful and discriminating as it highlights the hierarchy within store.
 - Cashiers are more than often called out from their lunch to serve customers when it gets busy.
 - Staff turnover quite high due to the colleagues finding jobs accommodating their social life.. Despite all the hubbub about formalism and all that good stuff, things are mora arbitrary than they should be.. Sometimes you need to stay longer than your shift hours.. Digital architecture struggle and hold delivery back
Behind the curve when it comes to digital. Promotion a little stagnant, dependent on order not progress. 
Rota’s can be annoying, lack off consistent 2 on 2 off promised weekend schedule an issue as well but can happen due to staff departures/sickness which is understandable.
Doesn’t feel like working for a bank but more for like a supermarket at times mainly due to shift patterns.. There are literally none !. Currently I do not have any cons for working at Metro Bank. I can't think of anything specific,. Fast paced and a lot of change which is not always best suited to some people. Sometimes you can get a bit overwhelmed when trying to get much needed change implemented, however all good things take time.. Waiting at least 6 months to transfer/change your role.. I am yet to find one. Can be fast paced which may not suit everyone.. can't think of anything bad. Of course it can be very busy at times.. Metro Bank is only in the UK. So the downside to working here is that you practically have no life. One of my biggest pet peeves is when a manager changes the rota without communicating this with you. It's incredibly frustrating as we have a right to have a life! I do find that there tends to be a lot of favouritism that goes on, which is not ok but if i was to raise this with management then this would cause problems. Managers will go to a particular person who they find reliable to do most of the work and whilst it's great, it's also unfair on that individual. When it comes to promotions some people tend to get favoured more than others and get a better head start when it comes to shadowing other colleagues. Everyone should be treated equally! If more than one person has the opportunity to be promoted, then they should each have the equal chance to be able to shadow colleagues.. Favouritism from the management team,  not flexible for full timers, management more concerned about their bonus. No cons come to mind.. -extremely fast paced job which may put some people off.
-unrealistic expectations from employees who work like robots with hardly any work / life balance and are still expected to keep their zest levels high all the time.
- salary does not justify the work you do.
-not the best technology they use 
-working culture is a bit eccentric
-contact centre lacking facilities, kitchen too small etc to accommodate a large number of staff. Not for the feint hearted. The reason nobody had opened a new high street bank in over 100 years is because it’s not an easy task. But those that have can do mentality and strong work ethos will enjoy it. - It's fast paced and not for the feint hearted! The bank is growing, and growing quickly, so there is always lots to do! You will work hard and be challenged - but no two days are the same and you will learn more here than anywhere else!. - Fast Paced environment
- Recruitment ATS is a little tricky at fast but after a few weeks of training its manageable. Many people on senior roles don't have any relevant qualifications and this reflects badly on the quality of their work - some of them have an amateurish approach to some very important issues.
For my experience, there is a huge cultural gap between Stores and Amaze Central (especially Holborn HQ), where the culture is not so inclusive as in the entry levels or in store.
There are many Teams where men are a large majority and they don't always include women/LGBTQ+s in their circles - and this affects people capacity to progress if woman or LGBTQ+.
HR are not fairly managed, and you can have salary increases only if you are part of influential circles, instead than considering your qualifications or capability of delivering positive results.
Even when people are able to progress with their hard work, the salary progression is a joke. Thus if you progress internally, you will most certainly  be paid less than an external candidate, even if more qualified or experienced - unless of course you don't know somebody influential into the People Team.
Poor training for specialist roles.. The pace is fast and you need to learn quickly. Man managemt is poor, they don’t give any grieving staff time to recover. They’ll favourtise shifts for there favourites. You’ll only get promoted if you are one of the favourites there.. Can be overwhelming taking back to back calls in busy time- but I guess that goes for any contact centre! Lines or systems going down was a huge problem when on calls, as customers would need to call back at a later time, which inconveniences the customer if they're unable to give us a call back.. The only Con I can say for Metro Bank is the shift patterns. One week we will work 13:30 - 22:00 and other weeks we will work 07:00 - 15:30.  Sometimes this can be a pro due to not having a set schedule and being able to have different days off but sometimes it can mean you are working non-sociable hours.. pay, rota, processes and procedures, thorough screening when hiring internally/externally. Never enough hours in the day!. Relies too much on the goodwill of staff at times - for example, all expenses have to be paid for out of pocket even if they total tens of thousands a year; extremely unsocial hours (e.g. 3am starts) are only compensated with time off in lieu if you're lucky.  

Office environment is laughably bad, even at the new office in Old Bailey.  Staff comfort has been sacrificed for keeping the decor 'on brand' - for example, the office chairs are extremely low quality and are causing many people health issues, but they have been bought because they are the right shade of red.

As widely reported in the press, the founder's wife's company, Interarch, is paid large amounts of money for branding services. This leaves a bad taste in the mouth as budgets are kept very low and staff work so hard.

Lots of head office staff are paid at the lower end of the market rate. Many staff receive below inflation pay rises even if they achieve good performance ratings.. sometimes the culture can feel forced and artificial but not hugely. Most people are overworked, especially in store, poor salary, needs a fair bit of brown nosing to get ahead. Generally poor leadership at the lower level. Can’t complain about the exec team though.. Promotion is based on who you know not what you know. Sleeping with management tends to get you places. 
Used to have a great culture, through poor recruitment this ideology has been diluted. Nobody cares about service and the customer as much.
Upper management ‘think’ they’re involved but they really are out of touch. Need to get involved in the frontline more, I know they shouldn’t have to but this is something that is promoted within the company that doesn’t happen.
Pointless training. License to Hire for example, 3 people in my team that had passed it and were overlooked by the new manager for a pretty girl who knew nothing.
Which brings me nicely to my next point; ASMs and TLs are very naive to banking and they’re people management is awful.
Systems are probably the worst, for a company that prides itself on tech I’m so sorry but this company has terrible set of systems. There are so many different systems to learn and the people who design/code them and implement them are clueless. Hence certain projects have been ditched. 
Lack of ownership, people are happy to pass nonsense to other departments. ‘Dumping it down’ Relationship managers (LDs, LBMs, Commercial and Private) be prepared to be their dog.
Pay is awful. Below market rate, and absolutely no loyalty to loyal staff.
People management and career paths are dead.
I hate to say these things because MB is a great place, but this is reality of the company. People who work hard get taken advantage of til they break.. Have to work weekends sadly. Progression based on who you know not what you know.. everything everything everything everything everything. Pay is significantly low. Stores are open 7 days a week, so be prepared to work weekends.
Rude customers. Shift patterns and weekends - Although if its an early to late bank, 7 days a week and only closed 3 days a year - then that is to be expected. Pay isn't great for the amount of work you do. My role emcompasses so many aspects that £21,000 a year really doesn't reflect the amount of work put in. You start on 23 days holiday per year but for a bank that's open 362 days of the year that is comparatively less than other banks.

Rotas are horrendous (comes down to management). Some rotas I believe are just copied and pasted, some don't give you the correct days off and there are fast ball changes all the time. We would hold events that are planned weeks in advance but we would still be scrounging for volunteers the day before.

Staffing levels are not great. Many times I have had to double hat running back and forth doing different duties. This is while I already have a heavy work load helping other customers on pending cases.
Customers often get mad when the queue is long and only 1 cashier will be serving. Managers are supposed to sign onto a till but this rarely happens.. Some employees were incredibly childish. Company had an overall good work culture but allowed some immaturity and childlike behaviour from adults who have yet to grow up slip through the net.. Heavily favouritism based. Actively held agains you if you have outside commitments like family. Best way to progress is to get in with managers and if your face fits you will reap the benifits. Talent doesn’t matter.. Alot of issues not faced by other banks
Interdepartmental communication is awful
The bank is not a uniform machine, cogs are not connected. Working monday to sunday no fixed shifts, however good for people who are flexible.. -Tricky one... working for Metro Bank can be stressful as there is a lot to do and the hours can be long however you are recognised for this. There are no cons just embrace the culture. I don't have any cons. All I'd say is be prepared to work hard. The bank is growing at pace and as a result so does the workload.. There really are not many ... But if I had to pick one thing o would say that there are a few clunky processes in operations that would benefit from streamlining or automation. I believe there are workstreams that kicked off shortly before I left to address these. - See employees as tools. Often worked 12 days in a row on different shift patterns.. Salaries lower than any other retail bank and not consistent across the team (often people experience massive differences in pay for doing the exact same job, with not regard to performance) - Internal progression is good, but salaries are not growing accordingly, therefore some people are paid 30 or 40% less than the minimum salary for the role, only because you are progressing internally (especially if they are not white straight British) - HR are not very well organised and often don't know how to support - Recruitment process well below average. It’ll finding its feet with some processes, but there’s a real push for continuous improvement. It’s great to be a part of helping develop the bank!. I am somewhat annoyed that I was expected to do shift work and work weekends, for a relativity low wage in the belief we were a new bank and sacrifices need to be made, and we find out the chairman's wife gets payed millions for a small amount of design work, that could have been done at a fraction of the cost.. - Working in a store there is almost zero work life balance and the shift patterns can really mess with your body clock leaving you warn out.
- Can easily end up working 7 days in a row and not being allowed to take the time back due to "business need" regardless of how tired you are.
- Store politics when it comes to progressing, leaving colleagues feeling deflated and demotivated.. Working weekends and some late finishes, though I am told this may have changed.. Having to work on sundays. If you can't cope with change and putting the customer first then this isn't the place for you.. For me none. What I have seen is some colleagues cannot keep up with the pace of change. As we continue to grow we have to change the way we do things. It’s important if you want to be part of the revolution you have to be able to adapt to change.. In the 21st century, you would think that slavery would be abolished, little do you know it still exits, except now, it is called the clearing team. Workers are forced or manipulated to work extremely long hours without, breaks, lunch or compensation while being mentally and verbally degraded by senior management in an attempt to demoralise, depress and being manipulated into thinking that they are not worthy human beings. Going above and beyond to accomplish tasks are very much not noticed however minuscule mistakes are magnified and heavily scrutinised. Never have I been belittled so much in my entire life, I may as well be picking cotton from the field. The managements methods and ways of thinking are backwards and beyond revolutionary and is pretty much a dictatorship discreetly hidden in the form of “company values”. For anyone that wants to progress in life, have a job they enjoy, want to make some sort of a living or simply has self respect, I strongly advise not to work in this department.. Generally low retention rates, staff often leave due to specific duties becoming repetitive. Once ready to move on, there aren't many jobs aside from processing available which may force you to look elsewhere.. Fairly "immature" commercial proposition as expected.. Lack of showers for colleagues in stores outside of Holborn head office. Would be good to promote healthy living for all colleagues and showers would allow people to run or cycle to work. 

Additional resources needed for central teams due to continually expanding nature of business.. salary is lower than the market average. Metro Bank is not the sort of place you can always do 9-5.30 and get home on time. You are expected to work hard but what you get back makes it worth it.

I think there is more we can do to support flexible working/job shares in specialist functions. We have a fantastic record of this in stores and AMAZE Direct but not always in central business areas. Home working and flexibility on working hours can depend on how your head views this type of thing which can make some colleagues feel that working practices are inconsistent. 

It's not the highest paid bank but I don't think people at Metro are motivated by this.. Incompetent managers, trainers, colleagues.
Lots of customer complaints.. Pay is good but not exceptional, though the range of benefits are great and growing all the time. Hey, it's not all about the money!

We are a 24/7 business, so be prepared for shifts in Stores (which open 8am-8pm) or Amaze Direct (24/7 in some locations) - but the point is to be there when it's convenient for our FANS! It's what makes us different and sets us apart!. Only applicable if our Culture isn't for you.    We attract talent who LOVE our culture. Be prepared to roll your sleeves up, work hard and you will be rewarded.. Some management have forgotten the culture and have brought their previous culture from their previous roles and banks into Metro Bank.
Management have their favourite bunch of colleagues
You are expected to stay beyond your shift time without being paid for it 
HR and Management are too friendly with each other which means during a greviance there’s no impartiality 
Lower level management are in their first roles and have no idea what they are doing which makes colleagues frustrated and this is why many people leave 
The salary is much lower than other banks and management are clearly told via surveys but nothing is ever done about it 
There is a dump up culture that some colleagues attribute. not everyone has heard about Metro bank yet but this is increasing. The business itself claims to care for its staff, however this is only when you are contributing the way they want.  They will require you to work against health conditions and claim they were not aware of the severity once you bring this to them. Favouritism is rife within the company and working by the book does not do you any favours.. The "outgoing" culture is not for everyone and feel that good work is over looked when individual is not an outgoing person. Salary increases are low even when rated a "top performer".  Lots of waste on projects / consultants when you have the skills and knowledge in the business already to drive initiatives forward. Long weeks due to being open everyday. Phones calls and emails all through the night. Repeat technology failures.. Some admin can be basic. You could say it’s busy all the time - there isn’t really any down time or quiet times due to how rapidly we are growing. It’s definitely not the sort of job where you can do a little bit of personal admin at work! If you are not scared of a bit of hard work and enjoy a fast pace you will enjoy working at Metro :). Can't think of anything right now. Not everyone likes the buzzy zesty approach of Metro - but that's part of what make sit different
For store roles, there is weekend working as we open 7 days a week - you need to be on board with that. Still a small company with regards to banking so some manual work still needs to be done but a lot of emphasis is being made on automating the right processes.. You will talk to your friends about Metro Bank all the time and they may think you have undergone a personality transplant. There’s no denying that you’re expected to work hard here. However, the effort you put it in does get recognised and you will reap the rewards.

The culture isn’t for everyone, and people who don’t fit the culture stick out like a sore thumb. Metro Bank won’t be for everyone, but it’s definitely for people who don’t take themselves too seriously, but take what they do seriously. 

There will be periods of time where it’s super busy and you need to put in the hours, but you can get this time back at another time, and again the hard work will be recognised.

I think the business is working hard to support colleagues to work more flexibly and still deliver in their roles (particularly at busy times), but more could be done.. Your experience is heavily dependent on who the leader is leading the team. The head in my team is more a cars salesperson rather than a leader (you take whatever he says with a grain of salt).

 Tends to have favourites unfortunately and you see their favourites being rewarded with recognition even when people have complained about them...which means that we don't even bother speaking up.. Not for everybody with its zesty culture but this can be shown in so many different ways. If you have a can do attitude and happy to muck in then you will be rewarded and recognised.. Nothing I can think of. Working in a growing organisation and environment has it's own challenge - balancing the risk and value as a specialist adviser is so important to get right.. Great experience. I've never been overseas. The job opportunities are great and good salary are being offered. Excellent work while you learn. Values are spoken about but not truly lived, cheesy disingenuous culture designed for kids not professional adults, terrible email culture, some senior managers slotted into roles where they were out of their depth which in turn fractured the teams below them. Absent leadership, just poor management lacking inspiration.. The 'nicey nicey' culture means people not held to account
Starting to feel like a 'big bank' with unecessary layers and committees 
Lacking real innovation - happy to settle for 'good enough'. Not many cons, however if you are in a specialist role and you want to progress into a more senior role, opportunities are limited and you may have to wait a long time for an opportunity to come up.. We support 24/7 hence we can get overwhelmed with hours we do but that is the nature of managing and supporting LIVE Operations. Poor management, promote the people that suck up to their line managers and slave drivers!. There are no cons in my eyes!. 'Visions' (induction training for all new joiners) is great, but can be a little strange at first (or towards the end). Don't worry though, everyone gets through the same and it's also kind of fun if you play along.
Staff retention at some departments can be improved.. Working rotations with no pattern or consistency, makes it very hard for a work/life balance when the only days you get off are random weekdays.. Not a normal 9-5 shift work
Time not always given back
Lack of training
Hidden targets. Low pay for London. It's a fast paced environment in which to work, which may not suit everyone.  But if you are up for a challenge, feel you want to make a difference, then this is the place to be!

There is still a lot to do and only so many hours in the day.  There are high standards, some of them self imposed, but as long as we work together as a team then we will achieve great things!. - Nothing worth complaining about at the moment. some office politics, favoritism,  sometimes takes longer to progress.. -No career
-Poor managers
-Low salary
-Typical small bank. No cons identified as of yet.. The managers did not care about the staff, it seemed they only cared about climbing the career ladder and were not there for you as members of your team.
I worked in a store and the hours were difficult. We were not given a set pattern of hours and could be on lates one night then early the next which is legal but made life difficult. Unless you are willing to make work your whole life, this company will not fit in with a home life balance.. There are many, I will list them in order:

>Politics
>Favouritism 
>Micro Management
>Incapable people in positions they should not be in

There is no such thing as being in your current role for 9 months before you can progress, all the team leaders they lie about this and try to stop employee from moving to another department. And moving to another department is not encouraged, you have to fight fight and fight. They will only let the ones go who they seem fit and it does not depend on your reviews. Then during the meeting they will show all the people who have moved to another department and try to establish they encourage movement between teams. It is all show off and a bunch of lies.. It is fast-paced and constantly changing, which isn’t for everyone. If you enjoy actually seeing projects get completed and change happen though, then this is definitely a pro.. We'd love to have stores in every major town right now but growth has to be at a steady pace to make sure we get it right. its going to take time to reach everywhere.. The environment is fast paced and collaborative, which isn't for everyone.. cant think of a single thing. Career paths for back office areas are non existent.. Metro Bank makes false promises, and advertise an amazing working experience. The experience myself and my colleagues have experienced are far from. The pay barely pays your bills, you need overtime in order to survive, yet if you are unwell you cannot do any overtime for a month. No matter your circumstances. Many of my colleagues have been signed off sick, because of work related stress. They promise that you will have a professional bankers qualification once in the role for 9 months, over a year later no such qualification in sight. They say that customer service is the most important aspect of the job, yet management have told us to pay more attention to our stats then actually helping. 

Doing your job well is not appreciated here, yes men who keep their mouths shut and do not challenge are. Progression is only for people who interview well even if you are someone who's worked hard with 2years in the same role, been one of the best at your role and exceeded expectations with fantastic reviews, they will not look at this, they will promote the person who had been there for a few months, who hasn't had great stats, or exceeded any expectations. I'm not sure if this is because they interview better, or that's an excuse, because they want to keep the people who do the job well where they are. Make sure when/if you want to join metro you are ready to kiss up, it is all about favouritism, if you're not generally a likeable person, or a bit strange, run for the hills. It is a popularity contest. I could go on.. • Political across all the departments
• Too many under performing colleagues allowed to be Poor year on year.
• Lack of experience across LDs, RDs and Roms.
• Lack of leadership skills across the regions
• Promote people based on friendships vs skills. The rapid growth of the business means that there is always a lot to do, and some of the internal processes need to be slicker to help manage that growth.. No negative feedback from me. Hard to have a life outside of work with the shift pattern 
Some stores have different rules 
Promotion isn't the same across the company 
Not enough bonus. Pretty manic. It's a relatively new organisation so there is just lots and lots to do at any one time.. Bank still feels new and so some teething problems evident as we grow more and more. 6 months in and no cons yet. I have no negatives more of a word of advice, Metro requires you to fully embrace each day as it comes, no day is the same and you are often required to ‘roll up your sleeves’ and get stuck in.. You do need to be comfortable with 'hot-desking' which for an old-timer like me does take some adjustment :-). short staffed due to high staff turnover. It's fast moving, change is something to expect not fear, and if you settle down and think you've done everything there is to do then you're in the wrong place. If you read this and think I've added this comment to the wrong box and it isn't a con then come join us!. nobody has real leadership skills, lack of professionalism. over worked and expected to do more than your role in order to show "Good behaviors". Can't think of any.. Not for the faint-hearted, work shy or anyone interested in building a "me too" bank. Reward is designed around long-term success. If your focus is on short-term reward it's probably not for you.. In operations teams develop roles with increased  levels of responsibility and accountability and pay
 accordingly. You need to fit in with the culture to succeed. Very fast moving and need to work hard to keep up.. Do not pay enough
Some teams are very difficult to work with. You have to be a cringeworthy yes man. The ones who get ahead are brown nosers 90% of the time.
If you work in a new branch you might get screwed over and have to dress as metro man which is a painful experience. Like they couldnt pay someone to do it , its embarassing and you get mugged off br when you need a job you need a job. You dont wear a red tie on the friday and your manager will have a full blown meltdown.  Everyones a fake corporate yes guy for the most part.  Some managers are awesome though. Bank Holidays and sundays are absoloute chaos. Weekly magic shops have cringeworthy procedures that 80%  of real customers find boring and time constraints dont allow for. And the contact center is actual hell on Earth. Like avoid the contact center at all costs its literally a terrible environment on a good day let alone when the banks substandard cards etc go through issues. I could go on, I lasted 12 months before I snapped.  It is like every other bank though. Cliques and corporate despite what HR tell you. They also dont like hearing people talk about improving procedure. Entry level staff treated like children.. I found the slightly antisocial work hours difficult. The pace and requirement is high, but you can still get the balance right between work and home if you're flexible.
You may be paid a little less but the long term rewards and opportunities balance it out.. Very fast paced company so you always have to make sure that you are up to speed and are able to keep up with the constant changes.. Unwilling to invest in areas that need it most in the company. As the company grows some of the high level thinking is done in a start up mentality. The board need to start being a little more strategic.. We have a big task taking on the other big banks and sometimes we have to work full on to try and get there.  It can sometimes feel like a mountain we are climbing!. - Hours, your work/life balance is really quite poor when working in store, and can often spend weeks finishing at 8:30/working weekends/working bank holidays/over Christmas. You need to be flexible as shifts can always change last minute.
- Salary, Metro pay can be low in relation to other banks (especially taking into account the hours) and it is not uncommon for people coming in at the same level from an outside organisation to be paid a lot more than someone who is promoted within the organisation.
- There can sometimes seem that there is a culture of 'it's who you know, not what you know' when it comes to promotions. If the right people don't know your name/like you, you will never progress in the company.. Things change pretty quickly, so you have to move quickly to keep up, but the upside is that it makes the work really interesting.. Dont care about employees at all. Metro Bank sets itself out to be different, I believe once you have seen the Bank from the inside and embraced its unique culture, you would find it difficult working anywhere else.. Pace is not for everybody. Experienced Commercial and qualified professionals beware - cut throat if you are not with the right group, HR in particular have made clear they look down upon the commercial lenders and do not recognise the intense pressure created. The chairman has a habit of throwing a spanner in the works, and if he sniffs an opportunity to increase pricing or ask for additional security at the last minute (I.e. When it is too late for the commercial client to go elsewhere, he will).

A number of good careers have been ruined by metro bank and ask around commercial before joining about "Metro Island". *General mutual understanding is, colleagues may all feel the same in terms of being overworked and not appreciated however cannot afford to unfortunately resign for fear of being unemployed for long periods of time. 

*You're not really allowed to question anything, anyone that is seen to be a bother is dealt with accordingly.

*Your experience elsewhere does not matter, as apparently they hire for attitude and train for skill. However training is only aimed at one standard type of colleague, does not take into account colleagues with various learning styles.

*Roles often misleading, not advertised properly. Strategically advertised to attract exceptionally skillful candidates.

* Managers who are not trained properly or held accountable for their actions. Several inexperienced managers with high responsibilities.

* Uncompetitive pay in accordance to general market.

*No union partnership so leadership team do what they want, when they want.. The pace of change is relentless. The coaching and training are great but you need to constantly adapt.. Lack of encouragement/recognition from many leaders, many of which do not understand the Metro Bank culture.  This is due to many leaders coming in from the big four banks, mainly RBS, who still very much micro manage, and believe that commercial deals look very much like they were done at RBS.. Only real con I would say is that they need more staff to accomodate customers so we can create more fans!. Repetitive nature of the job is a down side, but speaking to fans not customers makes the days fly by. It does take a bit of getting used to the Metro Bank way, but it is all good.
I still have to remind myself we have stores not branches !. Don't value employees dont appreciate lack of training and development. Might not be the best place if you're an introvert. There are no special products or rates for staff like there are in other banks, there is no flexible benefits package option, and reward is heavily weighted towards back-loaded share options with the cash element being materially below competitors. I don't buy that there are "more opportunities" at Metro Bank, and even then, I can't pay my rent with "opportunities".

There is an expectation on all staff to attend eight events a year such as assessment centres, branch openings, business networking, dog microchipping, etc. and these mostly take place out of hours and there is no pay or time in lieu for this. There isn't always enough opportunities to meet these requirements, particularly new branch openings which are oversubscribed within a few hours of becoming available.

The astounding growth has not been matched by sufficient investment in systems, especially for non-customer facing staff. This means that we use a lot of manual workarounds and Excel spreadsheets.. It's so hard to write a con, it's a pleasure to work here. The downside of growing to quickly is that we are constantly looking for more desks to fit more colleagues in!. No pros, because I make sure I make the environment work friendly. It depends on each individual performances, work hard at it would pay off!. I really wish that something would be done about the pay. 
It's been an issue for the last four years and while the internal progression is great it is so demoralising to be doing the same role as someone, often working harder, but seeing them earn 10k more than you because they were hired externally.. Haven't really been in the organisation long enough yet to assess any negatives.. Some roles require shift work and to work bank holidays. Not really a con but if you need a 9-5 job then this is not the place for you.. No real bad down sides of working at metro apart from the queues of calls, sometimes it can get a bit hectic.. - As a relatively new, rapidly growing company, there is constant change so you need to make sure you keep your eyes and ears open!. Your desire to make things the best they can be and help your colleagues can mean that it's difficult to log off at night.. Although the work life balance is generally extremely good, there can be times in some departments where you work longer hours, however this is attributable to being part of such fast growing bank, which i would see as an opportunity rather than a hindrance.. As we continue to become more successful and grow as a bank everyday it's a really fast paced environment, pressures and focus can change quickly. Colleagues need to take a lot of ownership over what they do to get us to where we want to be and these things combined may not be for everyone.. I just wish I'd joined even earlier!. -There are no major cons that come to mind.. No Cons in Metro Bank its great place to work. Terrible management. Incompetent ASMs and Lazy Store managers. A LOT of micro-managing
Reluctant to pay overtime that's due 
Shift work 
Low pay 
Not fantastic at accommodating the needs of someone that's pregnant or about to come back from maternity. I've seen pregnant women being made to stand and greet for hours.. This is where it gets political. The contact centres used to be great when i started. People werent micro managed and the focus were the customers. But lets face it, contact centre reps didnt open any accounts and therefore werent making the bank any money. The only thing they could get out of us was numbers and data. So they started to micromanage, and i mean REALLY micromanage. I started to get anxious just going to the toilet in case i was taking too long. They'd send you emails punishing you for being 3 minutes late back from lunch but wouldnt account for the days youd stay behind for 30 or more mins helping other people or customers out. Many good people started to leave and new ones came along. The amount of experienced people started to dwindle which put huge pressures on managers who were there from the inception of metro bank. Managers with valuable knowledge of how things worked started to leave because they were so over worked on such a low salary. The new targets punished people for spending longer than 5mins on the phone to a customer, even if the reason was you solving a problem. How is that making fans??? I was truly forced out by the changes and i do look back and miss everyone dearly and how it all used to be before we were made into robots. Not to mention, you had to pretty much sell your sould to get a day off, even when there was availability. Resource and planning were useless and made up stupid rules that made it harder for anyone to have a proper work-life balance.. - Salary
- I.T. (at times)
- Shift pattern. Underpay staff;
Do not treat staff fairly;
No training given to staff;
Lots of politics and bullying;
Lots of lies;
No structure;
No proper rewards or recognition.. One of the key requirements for working at Metro Bank is having a certain amount of 'zestiness' - sadly not everyone has this! Some of us are quieter than others and do just want to get on with the job sometimes. In Metro Bank, if you don't always want to get involved with events and parties this can be seen as a bad thing, and you can be tacitly made to feel like you are not contributing to the bank's success, even if you're doing your actual job very well.

I've worked in many open plan office environments so I know what to expect with them, but even I found working in a basement with little natural daylight a struggle at times. You don't realise how much difference windows can make until you've done without them!. As it’s a relatively new organisation, we don’t always get it right first time, particularly with processes and procedures. Having said that, we are always learning and if you think something can be done better and in a more efficient way, management will listen to your ideas when you 'bump it up'.. Again due to the company growing rapidly there are regular changes with systems, staff and other company components. All these changes cause issues for people, for example systems regularly crashing in stores, bad communication between departments and also individuals being moved about regularly doesn't help with team cohesion.. Really low pay compared to the rest of other banks your expected to work really hard but this isn't reflected in your wages. Management do not treat staff well there is clear hierarchy within the business even though they will tell you it's not during your training. Your expected to work late hours, Sunday's and bank holidays and your not appreciated for all the effort you put into the business. All the departments who work 9-5 Monday to Friday are paid more than the staff in the banks who deal with the customers. Metro bank has the lowest paid banking jobs within the United Kingdom even though they will deny this by saying "we aim to be competitive within the market". If you want to be overworked, under valued, work long hours (they open 8am to 8pm sometimes you are expected to finish work at 8:30pm then be back the next day at 7:15am to open up the bank)  give up your Sunday's and bank holidays for very minimal wage this will be the ideal job for you.. Mixed bag in terms of management style and skill.
Often lacked direction during my time there.
Politics the same as other financial institutions, not a unique politics free haven.
Chairman doesn't have a clue about the bank, introduces departments to guests but gets it completely wrong.. Pay could be better however recognition is rewarding. Often times recognition comes through promotion, which is good but grant bigger pay increases. As processes and procedures are updated so quickly we don't always get it right first time.. As the company is young there is a bit of a school like atmosphere at times lower level management can be political causing a loss of professionalism. The systems can be fairly difficult to navigate around and can be fairly temperamental. This is however expected as it is a 5 year old company.. Standards are high and it's not for anyone who wants an easy life - there is always something to do!. *After a month's worth of training where one method of taking people through security was rammed down our throats, the procedure was suddenly changed
*Initial training extremely fast-paced and you were expected to be able to keep up with and understand enough to get by... and you had to know exactly how you needed help and how much help you needed
*One of our trainers would go off into tangents and start telling stories. One example started with "I'm not homophobic, but..." and then she told us a story about seeing something NSFW happening between two consenting adults and being - in her own words! - "traumatised" by it
*Dress-code is very gendered 
*No option to choose a gender other than "Male" or "Female" in application form
*Communication between teams wasn't always consistent
*I found it very easy to get confused between T24 and 4Tress for a couple of weeks (but I am not from a financial background)
*Stores would ring Contact Centre staff to ask something that they could have easily asked colleagues and/or managers quite often
*Queues could get very long... brace yourself. If all the other centres are down - WATCH OUT
*Not the sort of job you can just do and then go home and forget about. Can be conservative in approach in some aspects, but to be expected when you're building a solid reputation. We are 7 days a week so we do ask a lot of our people, we don't have a 9-5 mentality so your role can spill over in to you private life.. There is room for improvement on shortening the extensive loan and overdraft process for retail & business clients. - it isn't for the faint-hearted and is hardwork everyday (but doesn't always feel like work as so enjoyable).
- pay is below market median, but a great culture and some other great benefits.. I met some seriously toxic people as well. Micromanaging. Bullying like I've never seen before, which gets swept under the carpet. Managers commit fraud and still keep their jobs. No recognition for your performance or whether you could do the role. Hours are all over the place. Work conditions/hours break the law on a daily basis across the business, but if you dare question it or stand up for your rights they will make life very difficult for you. Forced to sit behind glass window with the sun blinding you and not allowed to take off your jacket as your burn up in the heat as a good example. They try to have this portrayal of a great culture, but it's all just smoke and mirrors to hide what's really going on. Huge cutbacks as well ahead of the IPO this year.. Always looking to improve and enhance the customer experience means lots of change for colleagues to need to adapt to.  We need to empower people to quickly find just in time information when they need it.. The only thing that I can think of is the pace at which change is made, because we are such a fast growing bank things are always being updated to make it easier for our Colleagues and our Customers. This can sometimes lead to pressure and adaptability to the environment.. The culture is very strong and massively important to us and we know its not going to suit everyone. If you're not prepared for a fast-paced, constantly changing, growing organisation and to commit yourself 100% to the banking revolution and creating FANS then you're probably best to look elsewhere.. The pace of change can be quite intimidating if you haven't worked in a start-up environment before so you need to be able to learn and adapt quickly.

The pay isn't the highest in the industry, but it is fair and Metro Bank compensate us in other ways for example progression opportunities, share options and a generous pension.

Finally I would also mention that the dress code is very strict which won't be for everyone.  Personally I struggle with the rule that tattoos have to be hidden at all times - it's taken very seriously, I've seen new colleagues being sent out to buy sticking plasters on their first day to cover up their tattoos before, which seems pretty extreme in this day and age (especially when it applies equally to staff who are not Customer-facing).

As cons go, that's all I can think of because all in all it's a pretty amazing place to work, and now that I've worked here I can't honestly imagine wanting to work anywhere else!. Very difficult to think of many cons. I suppose if you're looking for a role where you can come in do a 9.00 - 5.30 and just do your job under the radar, this isn't the place for you. Things change so quickly here that you have to adapt and change with it very quickly. The pace of change can be too much for some people. 
Lots of effort has been put into improving communication, but with a company that is growing so quickly, communication can always be improved.. The strong culture probably isn’t for everyone – it can be a bit overwhelming so you have to just jump right into it. 
The appetite for change is great, but it can be frustrating as there isn’t enough resource to do all the things you want to, and getting processes and systems in place quickly can be tricky. 
The fast pace means it can be difficult to find the time to reflect on what you are doing and how you are doing it.. As a 'start-up' we have the opportunity to move quickly and  to change things as we go, making sure we are always doing the best thing for our customers and colleagues - it is even realised as one of our core values 'Make every wrong right'!  - Some people may find the pace of change daunting - but I think it is exciting!. I love Metro Band and working here is amazing but it doesn’t comes without hard work. The pace is relentless which can mean 5.30pm finish isn’t always possible but hey nothing comes easy when you’re building a new bank. The pay isn't the highest compared to other FS companies, but it is fair and the benefits at Metro Bank compensate us in other ways such as progression opportunities.. The pace of change is fast so its important to bring colleagues on that journey so that they don't become disengaged.. It can be a bit crazy sometimes, so not for everyone. The pace we move at is pretty incredible so everyone has to embrace change and just go with it!. The pay isn't very high, but you have a lot of opportunities to progress within the business and different areas, where potentially salary can change easily. Strong culture - think power retailer rather than bank - that doesn't suit everyone.. May be slightly lower pay than average. Large reorganization broke up our previous team.. Management looking for cost reduction at all possible ways. Rigid hours unable to negotiate. Constant changes, some rude colleagues. Big company with much legacy systems that can be chaotic, especially in times of transitions. As it's slow pace everything takes time to happen, included your professional growth. nothing extraordinary from cons. just a shared services center. Management can sometimes disregard your opinion.. Monotonous, stressful, highly monitored, lonely.. All the pros seem to be reserved for the “real” employees, and the 400 of us taking the heat every day from the customer, we get offered temporary contracts with no benefits and no willingness to discuss pay level or other benefits after a year of temporary employment.. Nothing to add here, just great.. Sharp elbows and a organisation with cumbersome silos. Rarely leading the largest transactions. Lots of legacy, slow enterprise processes. Under significant change at the moment, might not be best for those seeking predictability. Not very good salary and outsourcing taking overhand.. Stressful atmosphere and inflexible shift planning. None to be advised now. Very Low pay for efffort. Very competitive culture
Still struggles with old legacy and conservative mindsets. - overload
- analysts covering all testing activities
- constant organizational change brings a lot of chaos. not so many to find. Not very challenging when it comes so tasks versatility as the tasks split between large teams and each individual only needs to take a few responsibilities. Work load can be a lot.. I will think about it. Not many cons, but some improvements with training for outsiders needed.. Some senior managers stuck in the past. Old school tools, nors flexi le for changes. Sometimes the management can be tough and pressures on getting some things done.. A bit bureaucratic as blue chip companies tends to be.
Too many organization changes.. Bad repuation, scandals and etc.. flexibility, to work from home or other country. No collaboration within teams
Non competent management. Reputational risks due to money laundering issues. Large organisation with Many systems. It takes time to understand the full flow. Semi toxic culture, any criticism is deemed as having a bad attitude, however work load just constantly increases. The pay for the work done is laughable. There seems to be an expectation to prioritise work over your personal life. Graduates and apprentices are given extreme positive bias, so don't except to get very far if you are not one of them. Salary which is at almost all levels too low.. Internal organization changes every half year. The salary was not great. the culture can be a little stagnant and missing some dynamics, but I know it has started improving. Sometimes it is an old stack. But bank tries to move to new technologies. can not see any as of now. Reputation due to estonian matter. It is a big corporation with a lot of processes and protocols which slows down development. Monotonous job, very low salary raise. Org Changes happen once in a while and it further impacts the roles and responsibilities of a department and in some times all the departments. Wages could be better as it is minimum wage. Can be very conservative and hierachical. Low salary, high employee turnover.. Danske Bank image perception is not good in the public. Too many scandals last 3-4 years.. working from home is boring.. Work-Life balance, very low inclusion, very bad management, Incompetent HR.. No structure. No work. No direction. Really bad AFC practices. Really, really bad!. Intransparency on top-down decision-making, too many changes in the board / top management positions. Not developing my skills enough. Starting salary could be better. None, great place, everyone is great, kind, attentive. Approvals for projects can take a long time.. Irregular and sudden organizational changes, lack of bonus system in operations. Low salary, 
Incompetence, 
No growth oportunities, 
Boring job, 
Cult like atmosphere.. The workplace environment was a mess ever since they got a new CEO and downsized since the scandal they had in the bank. Not much room to grow internally.. could have a better bonus system. You need access rights for everything and that can be very annoying. Stress, comp, tell, and stiry. Processes everywhere,
No courses normally, just online classes. Salary lower then market. Business have too much power in decisions making. Top down decision flow. Developers have not much to say, just been told what to do by business. Which result in accumulation of technical debt.. Way to improve in vertical career opportunities.. Quite bad managment, hard to get promotion. too much burocracy and low focus on delivery. Pay poor compared to competitors. Corporate environment to work in. assigned tasks were not too exciting, which is probably quite normal for working student positions. None so far as per experience. Not for ambitious people, quite political. High number of people with fixed mindset (being in the bank for 20+ years and not willing to change).. Salary, team is falling apart, poor communication. Very young and unexperienced management. Nepotism is rampant, job security is lacking, management is not rated by KPIs that matter for employees i.e. employee churn. Not caring about employee, outdated systems. Chaotic structure
Poor management
Cultural misfit among employees. very competetive but thats okay. At times long time to market on decisions, but thats likely the story of big corporates, bad coffee. Too much hierarchy in the organization.. Bureaucratic, too large to feel making a difference,. still not that many international employees. Unstable environment, poor leadership, too political. Doesnt look after current employees (competitive wage) but prefers to hire new ones that might lag behind for a year and still leave. Danish centered bank which needs to gain market share in other countries as well. Small company with limited career possibilities. Can't think of any at all. If you want to grow fast inside company, it could be disappointment at this place.. Incompetent colleagues, career prospects really depends on your likeability and not results you achieve, IT as a whole is seen as a financial burden instead of an asset, raises are generally rare so you better get a good offer right from the start. As with other big companies there are many dependencies on other teams and that can be frustrating at times. There are lots of paperwork just to get anything done. Also, the dev infrastructure could use a lot of improvement as it's sometimes quite slow and unstable.. In tough competition with bigger players. Stability, simplicity, lack of challenges, depends what kind of a person you are, sometimes it's great, sometimes it isn't.. Hierarchical. And some times Slow.. Salary compensation is not as per standards
Bureaucracy. Nothing comes to my mind. Regional, small footprint and ambitions.. The salary won't grow as much as you'd like. Also, the job itself is very monotonic, and does not require creativity at all.. Lots of bureaucracy, limited funding, cost cutting, no clear strategic direction. No cons to state here. Too many consultants destroying the culture
Managers are always fully booked in meetings many weeks ahead. There are no cons at this work place.. They do not treat their employees well. Overly conservative, ongoing regulatory issues. Lots of reorganizations which can take away focus from operational work.. They do not know how to match the work with the JD. It is a hopeless situation with PMO on the top having zero logical understanding. the scandals (money laundering, issues in debt-collecting etc) is thking its toll. The Bank is very unpopular.. Routine
Little salary growth
Lack of motivation. Bad salary, no bonuses or comission. need to improve technology, speed up processes. Lots of regulations in industry. BWoW, leadership, culture, engagement, career. Burocracy Is quite bad however. Slow management decisions or the decisions are changed to often.. out-dated tech stack, many legacy systems and processes. employee rotation, distance, low salary. Public media lately affects company. unfortunately decisions can be taken top down. Legacy environments tend to dominate progress. Very immature in terms if data practices. Low salary, open space office. Low pay, weak IT infrastructure related to AML. Big corporation with all leading things, internal politics, unclear ownerships, a lot of alignments.. Centralized and bureaucratic culture. Hard to rotate into other positions and develop career.. standardized, boring, to relaxed no pace. Management have no concern for helping individuals and are more concerned about the image of the centre. An example being a member of staff is going through personal issues, they are more worried about that individual negatively impacting others rather than helping them. The bank as a whole does great work for mental health charities but belittles employees for suffering.. Unclear carrier opportunities, little interest in person developing person and putting on carried path. Unorganized processes, a lot of area of opportunity for efficiency. Management sometimes doesn't understand what they are doing.. Constant org changes, slow paced environment. More attention should be paid to training. Things could move faster there.. Not much I can think of. Slow carreer, not too much of opportunities. Location is outside Copenhagen, necessity to commute long distances each day.. Low pay, there aren't any bonuses.. Have not noticed yet .. Bureaucracy overhead 
Recent cutting costs strategy. But bad communicatoon with parent company. Atmosphere and working environment very heavily dependent on branch. 
Treated like a number and not an individual.
Inadequate pay for the responsibilites.
Many coworkers also dissatisfied.. Nothing really bad to say. Narrow mind people. Sometimes messy as the company is growing.. Things can be bureaucratic sometimes. Pay raise is not competitive compared to other workplaces.. Need to agree on salary that is good for you during hiring process, since if you expect to get more later, you will have to be patient, because salary rises very slowly.. Locations, offices, social life, changing management, human ressources. As Lithuania's branch is closing down, a lot of employees are laid off.. boring people, bank, it, remote. Stressful at times, introduction period was quite unorganized. Communication from upper management could be better. Hierarchy is a bit confusing at times. Terrible systems, tons of manual processes, difficult environment.. compensation could have been better. Lack of specialist career paths, company in crisis leading to bad work atmosphere currently. Still lacks global mindset, slow at changing,  beaurocratic. Slow processes, unclear promotion procedures.. A kot paperwork, many costumers, delayed documents, slow data systems. Some cultural differences between international brands presented difficulties, but great collaboration generally overcame them.. no career progression available after being promised it. Not as international as one would think. Some things were old fashioned. Sometimes it is too busy, and even though overtime is officially not expected, it is oftentimes a must in order to complete your tasks. None , but hard work in a competitive environment. Cutting costs, lack of communication. People are leaving the organization. My department and another one got shut down, due to reorganization. That literally happened in 1 day, and the next you don't have the job. When I went to hand down my things the next day, felt like treated like a criminal, my card was already de-activated and had to hand down things, like computer, to guards.  It just shows how much they don't care about their employees. You're just another number in the system.. Moving forward projects can take long time.. Salary; a lack of professionalism and confidentiality from young inexperienced TL’s. Tumultuous times made everyone uncomfortable. Limited opportunity, downsizing due to outsourcing. A bit slow in work dynamics. However, might be good for some.. Processes are slow, a lot of burocracy but that's common for almost every financial sector company.. Long work hours, Top-Down management. Nothing in particular when working there as a student.. Danes dominate, slow decisions.. probably only company that decides employees yearly rating based on the hike they give for that performance year.. - hard to say; experience depends very much on the position you're hired for
-. We have to work long hours. Location was awful.
Managment will take a disliking to you because you have your own ways of doing things and will not stop until you are out the door, be it watch you every day, read your emails, listen to your calls or just make up straight up lies about you. 
Never miss a day even when you are sick or really struggling with mental health issues (worsened by danske) but they treat you will be appalling 
I was one of the longest running on that floor and they decided they had no use for me and didn't stop until I quit.

It is just a call centre and at that they all come with problems, be it verbal abuse from customers or just over worked.

Some of the managers in there really should not have been in the positions they were in and the people who should have been promoted were caused to move elsewhere because they were over looked and disregarded. Everyone who was being over looked or treated poorly knew they were so they would not make the effort they needed to make because upper management should not be in their roles. The pay isn't as good as rival banks. lack of transparency,  lower salaries. Implementation of changes in AML area.. Lot of maintainance work.
There are very few teams where good work is there.. bad reputation in very long time. Low pay
High requirements
Bureaucracy
Not respecting individual  - you are just another short term ghost. Hours 
Not much responsibility given early on 
Very competitive
Some MDs got very big egos. Change of management is too constat. no personal development. the seniority level in the organization compared to competencies levels hints that progressing is a natural and not a result of hard work or capabilities. 
there is no focus on personal development, you can grow if you actively transfer between departments by pursuing an internal interview process. in your area you will get more tasks only of other people would leave. 

this means that once you joined, you're just kind of there so some choose to work and some don't. I have colleagues with no tasks while the team in IN works an average of 10 hours a day (on a good month). this is, to say the least, non-respectful. 

too focused on buzz words - currently it's working "agile" - the result is hiring a bunch of agile coaches but not trying to define a new culture.. No area for PM to apply best practices ; immature senior managers; too much bureaucracy ; limited development opportunities. Company exists in Lithuania not so long so mostly all employees have less experience than they have to have, a lot of mess, rules are changing all the time, employees are creating own rules each for themselves how to do ODD without bigger restrictions. Salary is small and not growing, managers are afraid of continiuos improvements, only few free places for trainings and they are limited to scandinavian languages and AML, however, after taking it you must work in Danske for at least a year after.. Many Legacy platforms, but they are being rebuilt.. Branch work pressurised beyond belief. Too much corporate nonsense, small salary, a lot of overtime. Bureaucracy Corporate Slow Big Conservative. Training brutal,one trainer in particular brutal with absolutely no way with people about her. Speaks to people disgracefully whilst waxing lyrical about being full of integrity, openness and honesty yet fails to practice what she preaches.. Haven't seen any as of yet. * Job didn't align with the role that was presented during the interview
* Slow and cumbersome internal processes - it took weeks to get relevant software and access rights set up, and little relevant work could be done in the meanwhile
* Generally built around stale technologies with little motivation to innovate or move forward
* Bad ad hoc architecture and a rotting codebase with a lot of debt accumulated over the years - and no incentive to improve things (partly due to a justified fear of breaking things)
* A lot of churn by developers in the team
* Minimal and stale documentation and little motivation to improve it - combined with the above, there were many odd edge cases in the system that no one understood
* Very noisy and old office
* Minimal communication between different teams
* Unnecessary bureaucracy when deploying code
* A lot of coworkers with little motivation to do anything but what was minimally expected of them
* Lack of well defined development processes
* Minimal unit test coverage, no code reviews, etc.
* Micromanagement 
* Less than optimal facilities for remote work (via a noticeably slow Citrix connection)
* Overly strict network policies and firewall/proxy. Old IT backbone and large organisation with much bureaucracy which can kill innovation and initiatives.  Despite this, I believe many of the business units are great to work in, but new employees should be aware that they will have to spend significant time in fighting HR/administration in addition to delivering service to customers.. Turbulent period due to scandals.. Not the perfect place for creative minds. Huge organisation - takes time to change direction and improve TA. Too slow changes. Decisions should be faster,  if wrong they can be changed. Not very flexible with holidays. - Working on Windows, no appreciation for Unix (be it Linux or macOS);  Weak IT infrastructure; - Lack of interesting projects and problems to work on; - Doesn't really listen to your suggestions and does whatever managers with no relevant or solid IT experience desire; - No possibility to pitch and spearhead interesting and innovative projects (be it external or internal projects), although DB themselves invest in companies/startups themselves, AFAIR; - Some colleagues are of questionable knowledge (like Senior SEs (focusing on front-end) don't understand how CSS's flex, Javascript prototype inheritance and sometimes they don't want to learn any of this, instead they just pass tasks to Junior engineers :)); - questionable "security" protocols like blocking outgoing messages (your personal email, Facebook or anything similar won't work properly); - way too limited remote work possibilities.. As it is a big organisation it is hard to have an influence on it's strategy. Uncertainty surrounding the AML case.. - a lot of ancient technology that is a career suicide
- low competence colleagues
- ineffective. Lacking in technology growth and opportunities. Pay is rubbish and you need to be here several years before you can climb up to a decent wage. Constant organisational and management changes; a tendency to offer higher salary for external applicants than internal candidates when both apply for the same position. Little interest in upskilling or developing long term staff members.. Slow and limited career advancement possibilities. Not much its gud company. Completely idiotic IT strategy of running everything in house including data centers. I had horrible experience working in the bank, mostly because of the management. Key points:

Abusive manager. (offensive language behind closed doors, shouting in open space environment, smearing campaign while leaving by talking lies behind the back, which later were disproved by colleagues). The manager later quit. 

Frustrating experience with HR. There were things reported to the HR. I wasn't contacted by HR for more information. No feedback, no request for more information, I wasn't involved in investigation if there was any. Was in the dark the whole time, having no idea if at least some investigation was in progress. Lack of feedback from HR was really frustrating.

Performance review is highly subjective. Skills, experience and contributions to the project do not matter. The only thing which matters is how manager sees you from his own perspective, because he is the one giving the score. The score can be easily impacted by your personal relationship with the manager. And there was no way to evaluate your direct manager, no luck talking with higher manager. 

Culture of fear. If there is a problem, ignore the problem. Report the problem, you become the problem. This is the actual philosophy used by the managers.
Managers were incompetent both in understanding and in solving team issues and people feared to do something about toxic environment inside the team and this behavior encouraged toxic people to do as they please. The stress levels at some point were simply unbearable not because of the actual work related tasks, but because of constant conflicts with particular people. Mix of Peter's principle, good relationship with the management and culture of fear were the reason toxic people were allowed in the team.  Management did nothing.

Peter principle. Quite obvious in engineering staff. People held their titles because of past accomplishments which were little related to the current technology stack, which resulted in juniors doing lion's share of work, including teaching senior members how to implement basic tasks.

Worth to mention, bureaucracy. It took time to get used to it.. For some reason long hours for a family raised. Complex organisational structure with a lot of stakeholder involvement. High level of internal politics to navigate.. -  No careers prospective  
company is trying to bring external talents and they completely forget about the internal one. There is simply too much bureaucracy. - Sometimes it's very bureaucratic 
- Sometimes it can be boring. Salary could always be better. Loads. Management is just worst. No clear views no clear thoughts. They are driving company into a blackhole.. Lower salary than the market average. Team leader took best clients for himself. Terrible management 
Lack of direction or purpose 
High hierarchical structures 
Lack of meaning in work. Can not think of any at the moment. It’s small so not much opportunity to move within, it’s a Nordic bank so the uk office is considered a side matter.. Concentrating too much on efficiencies not actual improvements. Lack of Career opportunity. Big tempo. Management cared about saving money too much rather than paying attention to stress levels of their employees. 
Big work load and not enough money for that.. Peter principle. The as usual corporate stuff.. Bad reputation in society currently.. It's very scandinavian and ultimately you need to be from the nordics to be successful. Complex organization, Ancient systems, static,  bad reputation, old image. Basic tasks, not very challenging. No teamwork, unable to assist new starters, selfish and office culture is not welcoming. lack of support, coworkers not willing to share knowledge. A bit to much wanna-be LEANl repetitive work as everyone in retail banking become a "specialist" in a narrow field.. Great with salary benefits and leaders who care.. Low Pay, but good enough for starters. Bureaucratic at times, very centralised in Copenhagen. It isn't so much of a con, but you should be prepared to work closely with your peers in an open setting. If you can't thrive in that kind of situation then it could be more difficult for you.. Salary is low and raises are laughable.. Quite long hours normally (in corporate finance). Current money laundering case affecting atmosphere. - Long unnecessary business processes
- missing REAL innovation strategy
- weird budget decisions
- Estonia case led to budget cuts. Majority of databases are in danish, a bit hard for internationals to follow. Even though there are many opportunities to contribute to various processes and projects, the wage does not quite correspond with your development. As I meantioned, it's a great place to start, you may also get promoted soon, but don't expect a huge pay raise after the promotion.. language is the problem to work here. pay is poor & no option for negotiation. None, that are worth mentioning.. Stressful and not adapted to students. Very rigid structure internally. IT departments are run very traditional and seen as an expense. Zero sparring with my manager and there's very little social activity outside of the workplace.. Management has a wrong and toxic view on their employees. They often don't know which way to go.. - Incompetent people making decisions
- Lack of vision and direction
- Not following with plans, wasting millions in the process
- Ignoring whistle-blowers
- Lack of honesty and a lot of passive-aggressive behaviors present
- No real chance for employees to be listened to
- Hard work not rewarded
- People laid off and promoted because of office politics not because of merit. #1> No Long term vision.
#2>Clueless about everything.
#3> Firing has become a Norm here.
#4> Worst Work environment /culture i faced ever.. Old, slow moving organization .. Slow to change given the industry and how heavily regulated it is, so whilst there is the appetite to be more progressive, it is difficult to put into action quickly. But the intention to be the best is there, and be the best for their people, so that is definitely a positive.. not suited for young employees looking for a social work place or internationals looking to hear English around. Office politics play a big part. The open culture of bullying and harassment within CD from management, which would shock in most other financial institutions or any workplace, not only seems to be an excepted here as the norm but also condoned by the bank and upper management. Despite being againest company policy fake disciplinary meetings have been held to deter from sick days as a result of this harassment. The wage while above nmw is below the living wage and overtime is relied on to increase this. A lot of potential as a company to work for however this is overshadowed by an inability to adapt to a more with the times workforce.. Monotonous admin work
Toxic working environment
Salary quite low compared to other banks. A little bit too strict, but depends on where you work. Communication with overseas colleagues is sometimes difficult. Big bank apparatus you have to work with.. no progression, rubbish pay, out for themslevs. Strict working hours
Low salary rate. No.....you are still not customer focussed and will not be until most of the older leaders and back office management have been terminated
Money laundering in Estonia. Developing IT at Danske Bank moves at a glacial pace, and it is more often than not completely impossible to find out whether project directions are based on product interests,  or just out of strategic organisational interests.
During my time at Danske Bank, I have experienced more than once that priorities have changed in the middle of a project, to something completely different, leaving a half-finished product to wait around for weeks, or even months.

I have seen (multiple times) developers in projects for months at a time, which ends up being thrown away because the product owner stops caring about it.

A developer in Danske Bank typically spends 30% of their time doing development work. The rest is spent on things like customer support, meetings, and whatever. In all honesty, we could spend 50% less time at the office and still get the same amount of development done.

The issues in Danske Bank has lead to challenges in attracting new talent. This leads to single individuals being the only maintainers of certain parts of software, which again means that entire development processes can be blocked if these individuals have time off or are sick.

The Bank has an extremely strict software policy, which means you can only use exactly those tools that the central IT group has whitelisted.
Their decisions are opaque and made within their own group, which means they aren't up for discussion, and neither do you get to know at least who made the decisions in the first place.
You probably won't get to work with your preferred tools.. Too many to name. Crappy interview process with too many rounds to go through. Laughable pay and worth less benefits!. Low salary, high pressure, boring and routine work, high volume of tasks, difficult career opportunities and promotion possibilities, no bonuses or any kind of motivation system for employees. no cons identified, only pros. Transport policies are really vague. It impossible to get the preferred pick up/drop point.. Big and to a certain extent nat that flexible. Appraisals
Management
Rotation on job/team
Recognition 
No Onsite. Extremely low salary, bad coffee. Most of the work in financial sector is not that interesting unless you’re in the business of developing and overseeing new projects. The creative kind should avoid banks at all costs.. Location of work can vary depending on job function. Old-fashioned institution, some of the systems old-fashioned. Challenging work but rewarding and goof colleagues. Hectic due to the Market Fluctuations, in my position I have to handle multiple jobs and it can be demanding.. At times bureaucratic. I my dept. they used to say: "Nobody ever gets fired for choosing IBM" - and it was true. I think top-management does a great job and takes some chances once in a while, but middle management sometimes seem a bit stuck in the past.. As the organisation is quite big some of decisions takes quite a while.. Complicated organization,  unclear responsibilities, silos, lack of ownership/responsibility often leads to sub-par outcomes. Slow salary growth for good performance. - Limited potential for growth later in a career
- very slow changes. Poor Communication, lots of promises.. Too big company, due o this parts of this organisation are competing with each other instead of working together and deliverer high quality results.  As long as I am working here didn't saw any signs of professional work. We are working with outdated poor tools, extremely slow servers, very poor maintenance of the systems. If you are programmer and looking for professional environment DON"T GO HERE, unless you don't care what you are doing and just want to live fun life. In general it looks like this organisation was born yesterday.. Maturity level is low, poor management and lacking of leadership overall. Might be a bit slow to embrace change at times, but that mostly depends on the department/area you are in.
Lots of legacy and in the older IT banking areas development is still very slow.
Best practices are not always adopted nor it is easy to introduce them.. Salary system is as good as it should be. They tell you at the interview that you will be developing in Java or front-end technologies, but you almost always end up working with mainframe and PL/1.
Really bad work culture.
If you have heard of a "Lithuanian company" term, this is a great example even though it is a Danish company.
Regardless of the numerous psychology tests at the interview, hired people are still harassing you morally at least once a week.
Unless you are strong mentally, you will be overworked and burnt-out soon.. Working under time pressure , overtime is a norm, although I believe working overtime is a standard in most workplaces .. I can't find cons in danske bank :). Open landscape was not nice. Hard culture. Obviously that the management from London brought the culture with them. No cons   Sadly the contract ended. Open space office, no autonomy or trust by upper management, mostly system maintenance work (no greenfield projects), no  professional development opportunities. Some offices needs improvement.
Employees changing too quickly. Bureaucratic and not so people focused. Managers are idiots, some policies of the bank, outdated processes, lack of communication, huge workload, lack of challenges and intelligent managers. Limited internal progression, bank prefers to buy in roles from other banks/corporations. Company is great, but there are long working hours. Burocratic. Too many meetings. Slow to execute. Limited free time and management changes direction too often. A lot of meetings, lack of personal attention. Job not too challenging, had to sometimes deal with harassment from clients even when not self cause of client's anger. Less international opportunities than other similar-sized Danish companies. Despite what I said above, sometimes there was too much bureaucracy, red tape, etc. Not only from the "upgraded" regulations but also self-imposed rules in areas like IT-development, project management.. Sometimes the decisions are being made too slowly and too late.. Senior management, salary, team leader, procedures.. Depending on role work can sometimes be a bit boring at times 
For the responsibility and work you are not paid accordingly. Employment procedures are tough .. Old culture still exists with high seniority on management positions. Change readiness is lower Ryan the willingness. High focus on customers - employees less prioritized.. comparably low salary, the raise is very moderate - a few percents only even with good results. long decisions by management is an issue. Hard to integrate with legacy systems.
Not optimal if you are ambitious.. Mainly operating in the Nordic. Time taken to implement change can sometimes hamper progress of good ideas. There can sometimes be particularly difficult customers due to the nature of the job, sometimes have to stay behind to balance tills. People are very specialised, so you can be overheard.. My work has been very much appreciated by my managers and co-workers, however in order to make career I have had to make the move myself instead of being challenged and/or promoted. That said, there are many internal recruitment opportunities available. A bit too much internal politics exists among the management.. old fashioned NEEDS TO CHANGE. Managers don't really try to know the real you and develop your strenghts, they want all employees to fit in a certain template that their managers has given them.. Mainframe, mainframe and once more mainframe :) A lot of pl/i and cobol programming, need to learn somewhat old fashioned system.. I cant think of any. Less good at investment banking. Not customer centric, old fashion way of management. Some legacy systems hard to support integrate with. Too much cost cutting at the expense of employee satisfaction.. The pace of change is challenging but rewarding. Old-school technologies, a lot of corporate beaurocracy. none as such except it can be a bit difficult to understand terms in a different language.. The whole job in general.  CD is basically a glorified call centre in which you are under serious pressure every call to make sure it is 100%.. Not much to mention here. Women get passed over with regards to salary increase and bonuses even when the excel and outperform their male peers. Can be sometimes little bureaucratic , but nothing too bad. If you love to work for a really big firm, this is the place. The wage is shocking - particularly for grade 2-4. Similar roles in other banks will get you at least 5k more p/a. They hold little value in any degrees or qualifications you may already have. The general quality of middle management is poor with little forward- thinking. There are some blatant and alarming cases of bullying and harassment with managers that no little of any hr process and shy away from confrontation.. Wages are poor. Issues with air conditioning. The amount of things you need to learn to be able to do on a call is overwhelming in the beginning and they will keep adding skill sets for other areas once your up-to speed.. Nothing major to specify in this case. *) Lack of innovation in many areas - Too old school. Outsourcing have made some work tasks less efficient to do. However, it has lessened the amount of homogeneous and repeating work tasks, and has had an overall positive effect. Big company. Changes can take time.. Most of business has been moved outside Copenhagen, re-organizations & cost cuts are far too common. High turnover of talented people, which causes some problems with person dependencies.. Location in Airton Road was very inconvenient. Salary lower than industry norm. Found out more about what was going on in the company by reading the papers instead of being advised by senior management.. Sometimes a bit bereautic as with most big companies. Management should gear up to accept people from different company background, as currently they still think of ITC policies and all the time they compare ITC as a bench mark.. Outdated and inefficient computer systems that are for the most part in Danish although the bank claims to be a Nordic one. Heavily Danish-influenced management. HR is a disaster who openly says that they are not interested in recruiting graduates but seniors. Since this was a student job the work tasks felt a bit monotone and boring after a while.. company in transition period, some chaose information within organisation. The pace can be slow, so you might find yourself bored if you're ambitious
Some co-workers might be rather un-motivated
Difficult to advance your career in an organisation that seems to value seniroity above all else. Very loose management structure. No formal career development plan. None but I am a new employee. Limited possibilities to advance during the studies.. Looking for functional roles and challenging task. No HR department, management ignored the worker's union, sexual harassment complaints were not taken seriously. Pay scale is average 
Can have faster promotion cycle for employees working hard .. It is difficult to find any cons about the job.. Low pay, shrinking workforce, poor canteen, lotus notes, male dominated board, possible training in Denmark. No variable remuneration. Slow lifts.. No cons. Very skilled managers. Heavy issue with the location they choose, worst place with surroundings. They may give opinion as many IT companies are there in same campus. But when these guys are setting up new IT company, they should have chosen better place which could be convenient for ALL. 
They even dont care of giving work from home option to their own employees.
Now work life balance sucks.
I dont recommend people to join this company.. Competitive atmoshpere might not be for everyone. Can actually see myself here for 15+ years

Corporate strategy is global workforce so many people are afraid they will move jobs from Denmark to Lithuania and India.

Some co-workers complain about salary and salary growth.

Some areas have a lack of modernization/budget and I think those jobs are intellectually boring. Many of the new people in those groups rotate to a more modern department or leave and they are overbalanced with old timers which doesn't help modernization.    

Change across a big organization is hard and typical large corporate bureaucracy gets in the way sometimes. Things take 2-5 years where small companies with small code bases could do the same thing in under 1 year.. There were som processes that were time consuming and not planned for, which at some points complicated work. Otherwise it is hard to find cons.. Bonus scheme is non-transparent and favors brown nosing. High fixed salaries encourages deadwood to hang around while top performers keep leaving. Total lack of performance culture - most senior managers spend no time on generating business.. Slow progression to the getting promoted to the actual job your being developed for.. After a while you'll experience how slow things are going and the level of knowledge is very low. Not many experienced people to guide junior staff leading to sub optimal products and models. nothing much; They are in initial stage of  captive center in Bangalore.

Need to wait for some time to see the performance.. Limited Hirarchi. Limited scope to cutting edge technologies like Bigdata hadoop. None that I can think of. Conservative thinking, slow processes to develop things. Be aware pay freezes in place. Sometimes dealing with customers' finance can be stressful, especially when they take out their anger on you!
First few months are hard when dealing with responsibility of dealing with copious amounts of money
Apart from that it is enjoyable. Sometimes work can get a bit boring if on cash, but this depends on where you are placed etc.. Repetitive grunt work - internship mainly consisted of shredding and filing documents.. Very low salary.
Too much pressure on sale, you need to do aggressive sale to clients.
No chance for promotion.. Other staff is not very friendly, not too many responsibilities given. lack of opportunity. Saturday working. Inflexibility with contract. if you are an ambitious person, it may not be the best place to work.
The work pace is pretty slow. People around you may slow you down.. Not much in the way of organised staff training or opportunity to perform a different role. Can feel isolated from Head Office decisions.. Colleagues, fiefdoms, extreme CYA culture. Although its employees come from a number of different countries, a lot of written communication (e.g. from HR) is still in Danish.
It can be hard to leave the place again, once you become "part of the family".. International Managers constantly spoke of their support for Ireland while at the same time preparing to shut down the business. AWFUL compensation.no career progress whatsoever, stay in this job and your career will stagnate.. - Lack of transparent career progression and opportunities.
 - Relatively poor salary/compensation package.
 - Lack of reward for hard work and results.
 - Too much office politics and opaque communication with inconsistencies.
 - Corporate culture is very conservative and bureaucratic.. People working there are generally less ambicious than in the international banks. There is a 'small bank' mentality. Bonus are not as high as international banks.. Starting of at the bottom its hard to see clear future development for one self. If you want to adance you need to make that clear from start and really network.. Still only focus on mid cap, and only Nordic. base salary and everyone at the top is danish. Too much waste and not doing it right. Loss of key workers. Demotivating.. None really, loved working here. Nothing I can think of. Dated process and structure, people are not empowered to make change. The regression since cybg takeover is phenomenal. There is no attempt to learn from remaining heritage VM colleagues. Everything is a backwards step.. Uncertainty, Too many conflicting priorities. A lot of reorganisation going on which can be difficult to keep up with when working remotely.. But those hanging around from Clydesdale Bank make the place really difficult to get good work done. When I first joined, the culture was collaborative, supportive and friendly. Now its political, cost focused and overly bureaucratic. "Purpose" and "values" are just words. People are not at the heart of decision making. Silos everywhere. Jobsworths abundant.. An integration programme that is burning money at an alarming rate but has delivered very little;
CORRECTLY aligning staff pay, pensions, holidays working hours, car allowances etc is taking forever - I think HR must be on strike (or maybe under resourced);
2020 no bonuses or pay rises;
Only 5% pay rise for promotions......yes 5% (why would you)
Staff leaving the company at an alarming rate - some areas are as much as 70% under resourced
99% of contractors have left due to IR35 and specifically a recruitment company skimming contractors salaries.
Long serving Staff wanting redundancy as low paid and no incentives so therefore becoming unproductive;
All this is breading a spiral of unhappy staff and an unproductive workforce.  
DO NOT JOIN THIS BANK IF YOU HAVE OPTION, you will end your career.. Old fashioned. Bad culture. Bureaucratic. Not people centric.. Some colleague and management issues.. The people, the leadership, the processes, technology/systems and the mediocre pay.. Can take a long time to make a decision
Some people are very image conscious
red tape with group for simple solutions. The PMs sit in CIO’s Business, Personal etc. Now if you are applying for a PM Role. Let me be clear on one important aspect. YOU WILL NOT BE DOING A PM ROLE HERE ! you will be doing the following:
Micro managing Feature Teams (you have to because you will have a Senior PM on your back) but remember they will not report to you. 
Every day you will be fire fighting, Every day !, a simple thing like a defect fix will take days, meetings and stress. 
The Senior managers are very very difficult to work with, now these people are key to your project.
Its a hell hole and most perms will leave within 24 months, and 80% of teams are contract.. Lounge was open 7 days and had minimum staffing so worked a lot. - Management focus is on profits and sales, no concern for employees, their health, mental health etc. 
- No/ little scope of promotion 
- Laughable increases in salary every year (£10 a month BEFORE tax) 
- No work/ life balance, you work Monday to Friday and every alternate Saturday 
- Abuse from customers tolerated from management level 
- Management ask a lot but never reward for extra work (except in sweets? )
- Company in profit but bonuses not given this year in case of loss next year. Glacial pace of change, entrenched senior management of very variable quality. Best members of the senior management team (Ian Smith, Enda Johnson, Debbie Crosbie) have all left in the last few years.. Toxic culture 
Micro managed
Play it of being agile but actually everyone is over worked
Run the business so thin that everyone is just run down
Shocking systems and laptops etc 
No clear progression paths would rather hire external. Some legacy systems and processes still exist, and some of the longer-serving can be reluctant to embrace change readily.. None that I can think of. Awful micro managed
Terrible project management attitude with more emphasis placed on bureaucracy and slide decks over delivering good service customer focussed enhancements. No user research is done to create good and well designed products. More emphasis and where you get in trouble is in this bit for not completing internal systems/updates, or attending a million project boards a day rather than looking at the customer design and journey and enhancing this. They talk about the customer in brand or marketing, but this is all rubbish - it is the most un customer focussed brand i have ever worked for.
Slide decks are worked and reworked for days with usually over 10 versions to say the same thing before going to the next layer of management
very hierarchical
Very demeaning, untrusting management who go against the true Virgin brands which Richard Branson believes in and tweets about. Needs more scale and better service fulfilment. Business decisions
Poor management 
Not very agile. Integration meaning theres a culture clash between 2 merging companies. No flexibility for people with family commitments. None that I can think of.. Dated, needs to get with the times before it's too late. If you're a manager then you dont have enough analysts to deliver the right work.
If you're an analyst then you cant do any interesting or forward thinking work because you are literally putting sticking plasters on everything or doing the minimum to stay 'regulatory compliant'.. It's an old company - both in technology and attitude - but they advertise themselves as innovative and hip.

Major decisions are shareholder not customer-led (despite the publicity).

You're told exactly what to do and how to do it (even if it makes no sense). Don't bother being creative, innovative or proactive (there is no requirement for you to be any of these things).

They say all the right things, but don't seem to know how to do those things. But it looks good in the news and on talks.

Senior management will ignore expertise. It's more important for them to be right than collaborative. It borders on bullying.

Expect fluffy communication instead of important information or strategy. You're left feeling unsettled and unsure.

Decision-makers seem to ignore past learnings and choose the worst possible option every single time.

Information gatekeeping and hostile silos.. High expectations leading to long hours. There's a mass exodus going on in Digital Solutions. Even new hires become jaded with the culture and lack of any improvement in work-life balance. This leads to a brain drain where nobody really knows how anything works or came to be.

The business is a huge case study in Tech Debt. A simple change can easily consume months of your life, you will see things.

There's a lot of "Management Theatre" going on. Your technical opinion will be asked for, considered, and then ignored or overruled halfway down the line. As your teams' project inevitably runs over-time and over budget, more and more different job titles from the upper-echelons will start joining your meetings, as if their presence will somehow fix everything. Back in the old days of office working, it wouldn't be uncommon to see multiple managers gather around a poor developer's machine expecting to see some kind of CSI hacker montage as bug after bug falls in their wake. There's just a general lack of competence in understanding how to build technology products. 

Agile adoption is largely smoke and mirrors. Most Business Analysts and Project Managers have just re-labelled their old process. They just want tickets closed at all costs. The upper echelons who control the funding don't really seem to understand the Agile process either, so by-in-large end up forcing things to be planned and estimated the old way. Agile just means sooner, right?

You'll get daily emails and announcement messages about how important it is to take a break and go outside. Developers and Designers aren't really given the chance to do that though because they're constantly on the clock or being pulled into field questions by other managers. Executive level or financial role colleagues seem to have a wonderful time though. The more useful you prove yourself to be, the more likely you'll be swarmed with requests that aren't even to do with your area, or part of your weekly Timesheet.

Due to all the Tech Debt, don't expect to be using the latest and greatest of anything.

Lots of 3rd-party agency contractors with *very* mixed levels of technical and soft skills. They work their contractors to different standards, which can often be very awkward.. Lower salary perhaps compared to other banks.. poor management bad pay negative outlook. None to note all good. Undermined by team leaders who want to make their lives easier
Dealing with rude customers constantly, where you have to sit there and take it
No room for progression
Working weekends with poor breaks. Bad management teams and favouritism. I can’t think of any cons. - Pay is extremely poor for the amount of work requested, no chance of a salary review or advancement. Job roles feel clichy and not based on experience/ability in your role. People have been made managers who don't even understand the role. 

- Work from home set up has been a disaster, people on the office have been told to stay there. No plans for home working, those working at home are missing things they need, such as phones. This has caused a divide in the business because the company spends money on silly things and is poor at planning. 

- your opinion doesn't matter, no one will listen, only objection handle you.

- The business prefaces that the customers matter most, however we don't reflect that on what we do and its a "get the numbers out" approach, which not only is poor for the customer, the employees get punished in quality because they didn't so something that they might have with more time. 

- Management doesn't understand the morale in their department and instead of challenging directly, we get emails that are just a load of nonsense about nothing.. Poor career development opportunities for graduates. Lots of cost cutting going on.. old systems, some systems need updating. The executive team is low quality and they have a limited view of customers' day-to-day experience. Culture is poor with a lot of silos and unhelpful individuals defending their fiefdoms. The best and brightest individuals keep leaving the company, especially senior management (e.g. Ian Smith, Debbie Crosbie), with the remaining staff resembling the inhabitants of the Galapagos Islands (weird and wonderful due to a lack of natural predators).. Salary is often below market reference & Lacking clear progression. - The acquisition of Virgin Money by CYBG has resulted in Virgin Money work culture seeping in which seems to be more about sugarcoating things and promoting authoritarian attitude
- There's literally no appraisal, recognition or career progression at all
- Different flavours of transformation every other year with same results. Face fits culture, basic salary, overtime. Poor pay with little opportunity to advance in role. I only knew heritage VM, but some area managers were too focused on the brand and not on the people. you were never really listened to and things were covered up. Culture is changing 
Losing experienced staff. Covid recession has reduced spending for new staff. The wage is low compared to other companies.. No real cons look after staff. Underpaid for the level of work.. Cost-cutting has come high up the business' agenda for the last 18 months, and I'd expect this to continue for another year. This means good ideas often can't be actioned. Technology is also very dated, or with shiny tools being built on top of dated infrastructure. This can mean that colleagues don't have the tools to do the job.

Fair pay and remuneration can become a challenge, as quite often the salary colleagues joined the company on will remain the same until they are promoted, which with an outlook of cost cutting means that I'd expect this to continue for the short term. The performance Management framework is geared to rate 98% of colleagues as the same, this means there is no extrinsic reward for working hard / excellence.. Underpaid for the type of role.
Not much progression within the department.. Struggling with digital and trailing the way. no specifically Cons to write. Feeling like just a number in the end. Too much red tape, but they are working to fix that. No/ limited training opportunity 
Do not spend enough on employee growth. Not much progression with the merger. Old fashioned approach to workloads, management prone to favouritism(not including Risk Dept). Some contracts are not secure. Pay scale could be better. No cons to add. I had a great experience working for VM.. Management can play favourites quite often. Poor management, staff used for their gain with little/nothing to show for it. They were bought over by an old fashioned, archaic bank.. Cost cutting with significant downsizing of management. Head office is terrible. Has not yet integrated with CYBG (culture and technology).. Products aren’t very complex and limited digital capabilities. 
The company isn’t the same as it was and are making changes that suit the ‘best of both’ heritages but that’s not quite true. 

Pushing a very operational system/work flow on a team that needs more flexibility and there is no investment in further education or training.. Contracting in size, losing talented people. Slow to change and adapt. Bad training programme and atmosphere toxic. - no career progression / minimal career progression. No real means of progression and you are basically a task drone. staff are no longer trained to help customers, they are told to point customers to an IPad and their own mobile devices to complete applications.. People leave before they complete training even if they stay it's not for long, extend your trial/temp period in excess of a year so uncertainty for the future. Not fair on current staff who sometimes get paid less than new starters. Not enough staff so expect constant calls and angry customers. Poor management tools for customers just check the review of the app slightly over 1 star rating, true reflection of what rating the company should have on here. Management do not listen to staff, some are incredibly rude and unapproachable. Unfair treatment of staff, nicer and helpful staff are kicked to the curb, instead the yes staff even with a clear lack of knowledge and unwillingness to help with a smile are allowed to progress.. Old computer system. Very antiquated.. Quite a pressured working environment to meet targets. Career Progression opportunities if you based in the south as the hq is up north. some old school banking mindsets still persist. CYBG brought an incredible amount of red tape and arrogance. senior management is out of touch - too much focus on theorised change rather than the actual implementation. No discounts or bonus scheme. Challenging deadlines, Long hours expected. Can't think of any cons. Lots of management layers so a simple task can take ages to implement.. . Poor development through the company.
. Slow management decisions (nothing changes) 
. Very underpaid for amount of work.. Canteen food is poor (not much else). Technologies are in need of enhancing. Expection of telesales, middle management. Middle management and above too removed from reality.. Underpaid for the amount of work you do. Job is not so bad but the manager is a fruitcake who makes working there such a bad experience.

Everyone has the same opinion, nobody likes her because of the way she treats her staff.  She makes it obvious she doesn't care about anybody or how they feel and bullies her staff non stop to the point where they need to go and get medication prescribed to help deal with their mental health.

Everybody is looking to get out.. The direction of the company is often not made clear. The company takes a long time to make easy decisions which can be unsettling for staff. Key messages are not always made clear.. Salary not always aligned to retain staff. Unprofessional company to work for , staff bully you! They don’t train you and expect you to do all the work not only that leave you alone on the counter all day whilst they do nothing and complain that they have to help you. Old systems which are always breaking down,  family values that they don’t even follow which mean nothing at the end of the day. Virgin money have plans but unable to execute those “big plans” due to having a lack of support for their staff they are unable to make these working environments better to work in , instead money is spent on other pointless things. I have had so much anxiety since I have started here I have been treated unequal to the others and I have been blamed for everything, however they have given me a lack of guidance and support. the company needs to reevaluate their values as they are losing customers and staff.. There is no cons working here. Different culture since it was taken over by CYB. parking isn't guaranteed, need to book as a visitor each week until you get a permanent bay.. Closing sites and cutting costs. Lack of leadership
Too political
Micro management. Open 7 days. 
Terrible management. 
Rife favouritism. 
Poor communication 
Zero compassion.
Target based sales,. Culture combining two organisations is a challenge and clearly proving difficult
Uncertainty over future operational plans is causing inevitable strain. They changed the recipie of the chicken tikka sandwiches in the canteen.  Literally the worst thing to happen in 2 years.. Bonus is not guaranteed, Hard to work way up in business, who you know not what you know mind set. Since the CYBG acquisition it has really lost its heart. Lip service is being paid to the purpose and values and nobody seems to care about anything other than cost (and not even value)!. Salary doesn't reflect the responsibility. Not laid back, flexible, friendly or open. Personally, everything is harder than it needs to be. Before joining CYBG/Virgin Money I read the reviews on GlassDoor and my gut feeling was this was an "OK" company to work for before accepting the job. Nearly 6 month in my option is still same. In my role, I was sold something completely different to what is reality. There has been alot of changes over the last few months within the bank but the general vibe I hear from people is no one know what there actual job role is vs what was sold to them on the job spec. With the integration programme I would like to assume they would do an overall review of the workforce as it seems like they replace people like for like when they leave rather than assessing if they need to backfill that resource or not.

Few things to call out which dont meet what you are told in the interview. 
The workforce is around 85/15 in favour of contractors, this in itself is dangerous operating model because turn over can/is very high meaning hand overs of hand overs usually get quite messy and key information is missed. 

Also if you get a laptop, you dont have access to WiFi, you need to be connected to a LAN cable all of the time unless you get a RAS token which you can order but you need to fight hard to get one as they cost £200 per person.
 
I think VM are pushing for a more sustainable permanent staffing model hence why you will see alot of jobs being advertised in 2019/20/21 however it's worth noting that the average retention of perm staff is around 18-24 months before they move externally again. 

If you are offered a role at CYBG, use it as a stepping stone to either move up or sideways to move up else where. There is progression internally but you will face the same uphill struggle in other departments.. Poor management and unhealthy working conditions.. CYBG VM merger causing significant disruption. As it’s a big company your voice is lost. Development, training, short corporate memory. Holding carrot on the stick in front of your face. You will never get your bonus lol.... Time off
Poor management skills
Lack of progression. Lots of style but lacks substance.. Office politics at bottom of food chain. Treat like a number, very poor management and organisation.. Lack of development  opportunities for me. Too bureaucratic, slow and conservative.. Not Big on compensation and bonuses. Being taken over Very soon. No training scheme provided
Unprofessional management who don’t take concerns seriously 
Unqualified team leaders. *37.5 hour week (should be 35 or less)
*No company paid Xmas party
*Poor bonus structure as of 2019
*Payscale takes too long to climb (typical rise is £400/£500 per year). - change not welcome
- telling the truth gets you in the doghouse
- middle management don't want to listen
- very little innovation, bare minimum change
- pace of change painfully slow
- us v. them attitude across verticals
- too-big-to-fail attitude, ignoring market trends and future potential. Recent CYBG takeover has felt hostile. Huge culture change with the introduction of a hierarchical structure and atmosphere. These guys do not care about their people!. Long hours 
Low pay. Management not trained to do job so can't  offer much in way of practical help.  Quality of systems/processes made targets difficult to achieve. Very procedural. Tedious and repetitive work.. Poor Salary, Long working hours. Pay, the worst in the banking sector. Top heavy management structure with a lack of support staff.
Issues with legacy IT systems.
Uncertainty due to acquisition of and rebrand to Virgin Money whilst retiring heritage brands.. Antiquated leadership sticking to hierarchies and empires. Pay lip-service to caring for their employees.. Not the best pay around. Virgin Money is one of those companies who believes themselves to be much more important than they actually are. Spouting numerous boasts about innovation and 'customer journeys', the company is in fact hugely outdated and superficially focussed. Instead of pinpointing a product that could actually be useful and competitive in 2019, they prefer to flit from one internal fad to another on an almost daily basis; gushing over travel insurance sales on Monday and pushing for business accounts on Tuesday. There is very little direction in the company, with many employees spending hours upon hours sending self-obsessed emails about how productive they've been or how much they have achieved (most of them fit along the lines of 'I opened a door for a customer and they ended up thanking me - what a relationship we had!') Instead of developing apps or modern incentives to bring in customers, management drag their feet with false promises and half-way houses of compromise (who on earth would want to travel to a physical bank these days to send £5 to their mate's current account?)

Implementing a new 'tracker' or 'staff sales game' (outdated spreadsheets or power points) every shift - it's clear that the company has no clue what it is doing and wastes countless hours on fickle, clunky projects. Many of these 'incentive' based strategies are incredibly patronising and ugly - 'sales = items for a fictional pool party' etc. 

Alongside this, management constantly remind you that we are not in the business of sales - then contradicting themselves 20 minutes later when asking what bolt-ons you were able to push. 

In short, the company is far too focussed on patting themselves on the back and pretending banking is fun and fair. There should be far more support in place from management when it comes to developing or implementing systems, and far less concern with fickle solutions.. Working in a highly regulated industry, the is immense pressure on the work we do. Very bad behaviours, bullying tolerated, unprofessional behaviours tolerated, leadership invisible. Training material is poor, process flows are outdated, systems are in the stone age. Lack of progression opportunities for graduates. Toxic work environment
Limited career progression
Old school management structure
Confusing hectic environment. Poor pay and rewards, shambolic projects and very poor senior management,. nothing really comes to mind. Balance between CB and recently acquired VM all wrong currently. Challenging at times but worth it. Closure of branches , keep local branches open. Pretty much still Northern Rock with VM mask on.. No career progression

Boys club culture where if you didn't fit In your career went nowhere

New reporting line every 6months, as the business doesn't know its requirements. Jobs were being changed and people being moved constantly

Non existent processes and procedures

VM offer attractive products without the resource to facilitate the large customer demands. There are many
> Meetings after meeting with no succesful outcome - I have attended meetings where a critical issue/blocker has been discussed for months with no end result
> Many difficult personalities, particularly Senior Managers keen to be responsible for nothing but hold others to account
> Over reliance on 3rd parties for implementation of key infrastructure
> Ignoring the advice of consultants, often after months of engagement and use of internal resource
> Blatant occurences of bullying, which bizarrely sees those impacted pushed out and the bully promoted.
> Far too much of internal resources tied up in integration work
> Too many people promoted well beyond their experience, eg individuals promoted into Business Change Leads / Senior Analyst roles with very limited or no previous project experience but leading teams with many years experience in project delivery and subject matter experts, then ignoring advice provided. This means relying on the information supplied by analysts rather than their BCLs / SBAs as the information is otherwise poor or inaccurate
> Agile Delivery is anything but, rather it's a production line, with many individuals waiting for the next piece of work and doing nothing in the meantime, sometimes for days. Individuals are recruited based on extensive Agile experience, then asked to use a form of Agile unique to CYBG and which relies on managers to specify how and when work is done, rather than the team delivering
>Say you have the option to work from home, but this is removed or blocked at every opportunity. No real explanation of benefits- had to figure out myself.. Salary if internal promotion was a standard %. Career pathways are limited for progression into management.. Some really bad indentured teams who refuse to change. Salaries are at the bottom of the market. Can't decide on an effective business plan. Constantly changing their focuses and generally using outdated systems.. Travelling distance to work. Lack of leadership direction from senior management.. Poor leadership
Institutional knowledge valued over people skills
Process-laden. complaint logging system tedious and systems are out of date.. Saturday working for some people. Middle and senior management/other departments tend not to support branches and it's unfair. 
Target driven. 
Lots of reactive management by people not based in branches
Lots of management. Everywhere. 
Unpaid and unrewarded overtime expected.. Some processes are slow and dated.. Extremely Uninspiring Management
Fear Based Culture
Negative Environment
Very Disorganized Internally. Doesn't know how to be a bank wish employees where treat the same as customers never enough staff under pressure you will end up with a health problem. can become exhausting and repetitive answering same type of calls everyday. Lower than average salary compared to others. No progression unless you brown nose. Negative atmosphere, unprofessional attitudes, drinking culture, nobody actually knows what they are doing. No recognition for jobs well done. Business changes direction more than people change their socks. Calls are called downloads, which shows the one way nature of this business. You will have zero input. Performance reviews are a waste of time. Management are told how to rate their staff with little explanation.. All about the numbers to please the bosses, no care about the people. Can’t name any so far and don’t feel like there will be. Limited career progression in current role. - Told lies in interview about what the job entails
- Different wages for doing the same job and no movement in this. 
- A lot of pressure from senior staff gets passed down to you. 
- Same as all call centres, you’re just another number and easily replaceable. 
- Nearly impossible to get holidays. Overworked, underpaid. Do not pay anywhere close to market reference. Very bad policies on pay rises/bonuses. Management (senior leadership team) are extremely selfish and have their head in the clouds. A huge culture of doing what pleases the big bosses and ‘lying/fudging figures’ to keep them happy. Workers lower down are left to deal with the brunt, with lots of pressure to keep things going even with low staff numbers. Everything is driven around cost cutting and no concern about the real life impact of this on day to day operations.. A fair bit of uncertainty around job security at present given the announcement of job losses at the time of the virgin acquisition. Managers stuck in the past
Don’t live the values. Career progression minimal, cross department development teams. No cons that I know of. Training before doing processes could be better. A large number of management who are just out for themselves and don't care who they step on.
Lip service paid to the EBO ethos but behind the scenes no investment in basic facilities for staff.
Company being run into the ground with no investment going back in and senior management only interested in hitting profit targets that are set too high in order to satisfy share holders.
CEO expects the red carpet rolled out whenever she appears and no expense spared where she is concerned but staff have to make do with broken, worn out and damaged equipment to try and do their jobs because of the continual 'budget challenge'.. how many horrid people can you fit in one room? record broken! ... I'm going to call up Guiness book of records because this pack of beauties need to be recognised. Amazing! .... Everything other than the benefits.  Nothing like a Virgin company. Talk a good game but rife with bullying and discrimination. Culture of fear.. lack of support staff and a glacially slow ability to hire staff. Stores/branches offer little progression and are often left poorly staffed.
Contrary to the public image, the bank is currently very much about sales and commercial performance measures.. No transparency, hierarchy in the team that push you to be like a machine.. Poor facilities, 'hot desking' and nightshift means you can't leave belongings on your desk, outdated IT systems and old laptops. Seems to be a lot of movement, redundancy and leavers whilst continually recruiting.. Processes lag miles behind other banks - what should take minutes can take days.
Managers do not listen to feedback or suggestions on how to improve the processes.
Unrealistic expectations on staff.
Managers promote based on popularity rather than merit
Training is non-existent.
No real career progression opportunities.. Unsure of job stability. Branson bought a business on the cheap, Subsidised buy tax payers money. Walked away with the CEO after less than ten years making hundreds of millions of pounds. What did they do? Stick the Virgin name on the front of a failed bank and installed a coffee machine. Up the ISA rates to attract customers before very quietly disappearing back to necker island after the sale for a jolly good laugh at everyone.. - Split location between Leeds/Glasgow. not treated valued and replaceable. All up in the air at the moment with the takeover.. Some system upgrades are required.. Disjointed. Low morale. Approaches change too quickly to reap effectiveness/efficiency rewards. Managers not pulling in same direction.. Work / Life balance is advertised, but if you have children do not apply to the company as you will be forced to but work before family - even the HR department agrees the managers ignore the rules as they get awarded for colleagues being at work.

Their sickness  rules forces you call in everyday, so when you are ill you have to crawl out of bed on multiple days instead of just once. Colleagues are constantly being placed on PIPs (report) for being sick more than three times in a year - for a example a female colleague lost her parent, had flu and morning sickness in one year and lost out on a bonus.

The managers have no idea what a non-managers does, ask them a question and you are passed off to a knowledgable colleague.

VM’s rating system rewards selfishness - colleagues that help customers and colleagues are been constantly been told off for wasting time.
Whilst a colleague that closes tasks (incorrectly) and passes them on will be rewarded as they have high productivity.

Managers and TLs constantly reward colleagues who “faces fit”, even to a point that their family members are favoured over more experienced and worthwhile colleagues.

I could list more, but read the other reviews that rate the company at 1/2 will agree and expand on my criticisms.. Please do not be fooled by being sweet talked on how this is the most fantastic opportunity working here.

Poorest/virtually zero training.
No support.
Bullying mentality.
Do not follow employers duty of care.
Micromanaged.
Do not recognise contributions or reward efforts.
Fear and manage employees out the door who speak up for themselves.
Fail to develop people skills.
Don’t honour commitments.
Hire and promote wrong people. (hire anyone who interviews to fill roles ASAP, promotions given to under qualified/experienced staff who are friends with management outside the work place) 
Let work flow leaders speak to other staff members in a vile manor and act as if they are front line managers.
Managers do not care or stick up for their staff.
Lack of empathy from management.
The pressure set on Case managers every day is immense, expected to over work everyday with no reward.

Numerous people leaving/sick due to all of the above, hence the extensive turnover they have here. I am not posting this to slate Clydesdale however, for those being sold the dream of working here.. Staff poorly paid fro the work they do compared to other banks. Leadership and lack of transparency. it paid very very less. Too many dishes non stop its terrible a bank where you wash plates. Too focused on shareholder value and not the people in the organisation.  Some poor senior management and lacking career progression.  One senior manager runs department by fear.. Bullying, sexism, racism, no incentive to hide bigotry as it is mostly seen as a joke by management. Need to have a thick skin to work there, but I'm not sure it's worse than anywhere else.. Managers are lazy. Essentially you are a cleaner not a lounge host and training is nearly none existent. Worst place I have ever worked.. Uncertainty with regard to job roles.. Too many to share here. Some archaic systems and laborious policies and procedures can make simple  tasks seem difficult at times.  Currently going through a programme of cost cutting so redundancies are rife and staff left behind having to pick up the slack.. Benefits are very very very bad. Salary is very low with bonuses only given to few people as not all employees can have them... 
management is very poor and headoffice is even worse. 
No progression at all. They know who they want on the roll before they put out the vacancie. Everything is ‘virgin values’ but employees are treated like scum.. Still a bit old school in banking however getting there. Strict working guidelines, difficult to implement anything. - Encouraged to have no work life balance. 
- I was told my contract was ending within 2 weeks. 
- All talk, little walk. 
- Too many senior managers with zero experience outside of CYB.. Pay progression and reward scheme is unfair and a system of forced ranking in place. Remuneration does not fall in line with inflation or cost of living and it doesnt seem to matter how hard you work or which objectives you hit.
There is little in the way of strategic direction from the board, all of whom seem far too comfortable deciving colleugues and dangling carrots while creaming the lions share of the profits. 
A disorganised and chaotic atmosphere ensues throughout. Technology is aincient with terms such as "mainframe" and "cobol" being commonplace. Much of the infrastructure is way overdue for replacement with end of life software and hardware all over the place and unaccounted for. In my opinion this is down to the caliber of tech support support staff and managers which I've found particularly poor, by far the worst I've ever experienced in my career. 
The working environment and facilities are just awful too. I've lost count of how many times I've had to report the smell of raw sewage and lack of proper ventilation. 

In short - Don't be fooled by the posh facade. No need to look much further past the pretty reception and meeting rooms to uncover the nightmare of a lingering 20th century hangover.. The culture is ingrained and hard to change, new ways of working will take decades to come to fruition. Too many old school people at junior grades who know how to do the bare minimum to keep the wheels turning and know how to play the system to not be pushed out. Staff are fed up and wanting change but change isn’t happening in the right direction. Too many seniors who don’t know what good looks like in other companies so won’t change.. Senior management free to "robustly appraise" people they don't like and appoint friends, union inundated with appraisal complaints but powerless to protect the workers and incompetent at negotiating they completely missed removal of the link  to APR,  just ask unite how many people are on sick leave, around a third don't get any annual salary increase which you need without an annual catch up with inflation. After a few years of this you are seriously down compared to when you joined if you are not a very  high performer or otherwise in a  "clique"   You are forced on a curve that management say is not there. People who have been there for 10-20 years are regularly told they are not meeting what is expected. People are frightened and depressed.   The CEO makes people jump and they ignore the rules to force through pet projects, really not good in a bank! No wonder the share price is depressed and the glass door score is appalling.  Do not come here if if you have an alternative, your family will thank you.    I have scored culture and values as 1 because it is propaganda, just pick any long term junior member of staff and ask them the question
 "in employment terms, what is behind the shiny facade?"  
And
"if you had an alternative would you leave, all other things being equal". Worst place ever to work, no one is willing to help you and then you get the blame for not completing the task.. - Very poor morale around the place
- Bullying culture from management down
- Racist/sexist/homophobic comments on a daily basis. If your face fits you are okay.  Bonus structure is rubbish.  How can someone who doesn't know you take part in a group discussion as to whether or not you will get a bonus. Staff in stores are kept to a minimum.. A virgin company in name only. Very low salary. Divisive bonus scheme where only 50% of people get anything. I realised within days what a huge mistake I’d made moving there. 
Other than one or two people the place was stocked with an odd bunch.
Antiquated and massively time consuming systems. No ability to implement change of any kind. Just what you’d imagine if you thought about a boring bank environment. I was lucky enough to get out fairly quickly.. staff benefit eg. salary not too much compare to current market. Whispering, management talking behind back, feel that if you are good then they take your ideas use as own. Immature managers, very your face fits atmosphere. Sadly, managenent remains in the dark-ages. They are self-interested. They only care about their own appearance in front of their own leaders. They call themselves People Leaders. But they are not. They aren't supportive of their staff and this is demonstrated by the disappearance of anybody who tries to do the right thing by their team.  They are obsessed with hierarchy and strict observance of 'the channels of authority and responsibility'. But that is just a tool through which they control staff and ensure their inadequacy never makes it's way above them. Anybody who speaks up or passes an opinion might as well leave.  It is a place for people who work quietly and never challenge.  There have been numerous complaints of bullying by the senior staff at the Head Office and nothing seems to be done about it - in fact it seems the bullies are rewarded.  Unless you like working in that kind of environment, your days will be numbered.. Racist and homophobic culture coming from senior management down, management cliques mean nothing will change. HR is a joke. Job security is non existent - staff churn is high.. Inexperienced management in some areas, operates based on favouritism rather than a meritocracy and poor behaviours at the senior management level are not addressed. Pay is very low for the work and expertise expected in certain roles.. working tasks are timed so can't provide great service to customers as must account for why tasks taking too long to complete.
Egotistical Managers who let power go to their heads.
Too much red tape, staff are barely able to give any leeway on procedures, yet to resolve any issues caused by this Managers or complaints team can just override this leaving staff sounding incompetent at times when already told by said managers not to deviate.. Still some historic processes used from previous bank - though may be different now a few years on. Restructure caused employee dissatisfaction.. Very negative, subdued and toxic atmosphere, bullying by team managers, blatant favouritism. This isn’t a Virgin department, it’s Northern Rock and that is a bad thing believe me. Inability to train new advisers, huge staff turnaround, and those remaining deeply unhappy. All whilst the incompetent managers blather on about ‘heartfelt service’ whilst ignoring the desperately overworked and unhappy staff.. Management, especially at the team leader level, can be very poor. This is part of a bigger problem that the company have with legacy staff, some of whom were promoted to team leader level or higher during Northern Rock's boom times with little regard for whether they were qualified to do the job. This has left a lot of people either in roles they really aren't any good at, or being paid their old management-level wage despite now being back in an entry-level job.

Another related problem is the 'cliquey' nature of the company, especially in the Processing departments where I worked. If you're quiet, a bit of an introvert, don't work copious amounts of overtime, or don't constantly toe the company line, then you'll have a hard time progressing or even getting listened to, no matter your achievements or ideas. If you've got the gift of the gab or are friendly with the managers, then you can get yourself heard (and promoted) no problem. Time and time again people seemed to be given jobs based purely on how much overtime they could work or how popular they were, with factors such as past performance or competence ignored.

This is of course true of many other companies, but in a bank that professes to be different than the others and open to new ideas, they really should be doing something to tackle this culture. Sadly in the years I worked there, I saw no change in this area, not helped by the legacy staff issues (with lots of old school thinking) mentioned above.

Despite moves to improve the IT infrastructure in the last year, the software in most areas is woefully out of date. Up until 2016, many computers were still running Office 97, and the main mortgage processing software dates from 15-20 years ago. A large number of processes are still very manual, leading to some boring and repetitive roles if you're unlucky. Having seen the internal IT, I am not at all surprised that VM are well behind other banks when it comes to online banking.

One other thing, if you have expectations of a vaguely 21st-century social environment in the workplace, the Processing departments probably aren't for you. They may have a majority of female team leaders, but the conduct of some of the men would've got them fired long ago from more modern companies, and many of the women seem quite happy in their role as the butt of all manner of Bernard Manning style 'jokes'.. One manager took an immediate dislike to me and as such I felt like I was dealing with unreasonable expectations and it caused me too much pressure. A shame as I feel like it could have been a real long term career.. Branches can be quiet most time. I Worked in the Direct area within Mortgage Processing. An extremely Toxic, negative department. 
My first week as a new employee told me everything I needed to know. No actual Training, just listening and observing established advisors which was to be followed by "On The Job Training". Disgraceful for a company this size. 
The biggest problem though was the complete lack of support from the "managers" in this area. Disengaged and toxic people offering zero support, zero empathy, and zero managerial and people skills. The worst managers in my 20 years of working, just plain terrible.  
All I can say is avoid working in Direct Mortgage Processing, I do not wish to be negative about Virgin Money as a whole, just this department.
Mr Branson would be appalled.. Initial starting salary can be low. while things are modernising fast there are still quite a lot of parts of the bank that need to change.  There is loads of progress, but it can be frustrating.. Little opportunity to progress as due to a small team there a limited amount of roles to be taken unless you willing to travel. There is travel required where you have to cover other areas of the business at short notice. If you want a quiet 9 to 5 job don't work here. add new skills but no pay rise. legacy process's that you will either love or not. Like all well controlled financial services organisations there is not always as much empowerment of staff as there might be .... - Stone Age computer systems
- They don't listen to what the customer wants... Online banking!
- Pretends they don't sell to customers and that employees don't have targets, but managers push you to sell everything under the sun and you get into trouble if you don't push for 'targets'
- A lot of the store managers are stuck in the Northern Rock mindset
- Got told I would only be working 1 in 4 Saturdays each month, (the reason why I took the job so that I could have a better work life balance), in reality I ended up having one Saturday off roughly every two months.. No face to face contact for customers. Outdated computer systems and paperwork duplication.. Nothing to complain bout great company. Fakery, lies, double standards, and selfishness abounds. Upper management are appalling, and the CEO runs a dictatorship which is holding back the company greatly.

Contracted hours mean NOTHING, and quite honestly, working the non-mandatory (but really mandatory) extra hours on a daily basis is modern day slavery since these people do not get paid for this! Very, very rarely do they get time in lieu.

Also, please note that there are some very suspicious reviews on this site and others, so please beware. And don't forget that 1 star is the lowest that can be awarded, not 0 stars unfortunately. So many cliques within the group. Mis-management. Preferential treatment for certain people.. They just don't provide the resource to deliver. Most people are working long hours to deliver the BAU, which leaves little or no time to deliver the stuff that will take the company forward. It's not a capability gap (people I worked with were all fairly capable, no real deadwood), or a lack of desire to drive the business forward, just simply hours in the day.

Come here to lean new and varied skills, meet interesting people. Try not to burn out / make allowances for the occasional fireworks from otherwise solid folk whose fuses have burnt low.. Inflexible work practices, some senior management with very poor people skills.. Completely crazy CEO who hires and fires on a whim. Many of the board have been with the company since it was tiny and have absolutely no idea how to run a larger organisation. For a company that calls itself a "digital bank", investment in IT modernisation is miniscule.. Not great progression, management needs to improve.. Ultimately, there is 1 agenda that overrides all others, and that is the CEO's. You can probably say that about a lot of businesses, but sometimes decisions are taken purely to promote the profile of the CEO, not the business. 

They seem to be on a mission to become RBS - too many senior roles recruited externally are given to RBS people - which in itself isn't an issue as they are often experienced and intelligent, however culturally it is a major jolt as their approach and style is poles apart from the essence of Virgin.. Huge bureaucracy and little support.. The process of getting certain mandatory confirmations/approvals were tedious. None to speak of at all. Poor Senior Management.  Several Managers who#ve been there for years and certainly couldn't cut it elsewhere at the same level.
Several redundancies on the way.. Awfully slow + outdated systems to work with.

They've promoted staff into managerial positions, yet those people aren't suitable for type of role. Some stores have managers in place who are lazy + expect the customer assistants to do everything + don't bother helping out the team when needed. 

Not paid enough for the role + have to work every other Saturday {9-1} as well as Monday to Friday {9-5}. 

The job is repetitive as a customer assistant. You have to do the same tasks on a daily basis, so it becomes tiresome after a while.. Miserable atmosphere caused by gang of ex northern rock staff, circle of incompetent miserable middle aged women generally being rude and very difficult to work with.  Non existent bonus, terrible working hours of very late shifts followed by very early starts. No work life balance, Branson would be ashamed.....Avoid, avoid, avoid.. If your face fits culture!  If your a yes person.. The IT Department, although very busy, take far too long in order to process basic requests. The start-up for new starters is slow and laborious, meaning the opening two weeks of employment are disengaging and tedious, as there are often long waits for basic software and system access.. Crazy management don't appreciate the business. Lots of targets which are hard to fulfill. Virgin Money seems to have forgot where it came from and needs to return to its roots. Sometimes EBE is a lip service rather than a differential that makes them different. A refusal by existing senior management to acknowledge that they are capable of doing anything wrong has a large number of staff disengaged and demotivated. A prime example of this is the recent flurry of positive reviews on this site ordered by senior management to chosen 'yes men' to hide the embarrassing truth and the damage to the almighty brand.
Persistent cost cutting to ensure Executive bonuses has staff levels threadbare, overworked and exhausted. Choosing a Royal family backed charity to help with the CEO's quest for a gong is ironic in that the company creates poor mental health cases by the bucket-load. 
A dictatorship in that if anyone has the temerity to inform the CEO that she is wrong they are out the door, especially when it comes to telling her that her bonus is non-EBO! 
Don't believe the lies - STAY WELL AWAY.. None I can think of. To many systems, to many logins 
People work in silos 
Out of hours work is expected 
Inconsistnent flexible working 
Stretched resource 
Red tape and governance is long. A hugely busy company with big ambitions therefore long hours aren't unusual which aren't always recognised by management. A lot of different initiatives that are in train but not always well communicated. Nothing that i would say is a negative. Some times it is 'this needs doing, so we just have to get it done' and there may not be the recognition sometimes, just expectation that it should be done.

Bottle necks in terms of sign offs and loads of last minute changes which can be annoying.. The cons is that VM is still a small fish amongst the big banks. A lot of the times the Virgin brand is bigger than the bank and often customers have expectations that we can change the world not realising how small the company is.. Governance and approval processes can feel heavyweight at times, probably due to the history of growing very quickly and the memory of what happened to Northern Rock - which is essentially what this business is.. Everyone always wants more money for the job they do however salary is independently bench marked across all financial institutions to ensure fair. Some of the managers are old Northern Rock staff and very clicky. Smaller size and sometimes to many veteran(old school) people. 
Needs more career progression options and progress. No progression after a certain time.. Make you feel worthwhile and important. Too many changes, too much micro management. Became quite boring.. Lots of experienced staff have left recently so there is real knowledge gaps in some area. Change seems to always take longer than it should but pace is increasing. Costs are way too high and have seen board pay rocket but wave after wave of cuts is hitting workers. Pay below the average rate. The speed of change is measured in epochs rather than months. The hoops you have to jump through to get an email sent out are ridiculous. Continual time wasting, micro management and waiting around for planets to line up before action can be taken. If only the organisation processes were as efficient as that which involves cancelling a bonus things might actually happen.. currently losing the personal touch it was known for. Still learning to be a FTSE business, the balance between being nimble and the need for sign off still needs work. The response to challenges is often just internal PR which is disappointing and a bit insulting at times. There're some personalities who are power hungry terrorists - only a couple, and you find them in any business, but they seem to be encouraged, oddly.. Your face has to fit. There is no such thing as meritocracy. Senior management are living in a dreamworld and only care about their bonus. Sometimes understaffing was an issue which put great pressure on all staff members.. Could present more of an internal career development pathway e.g. in house funded qualifications. Full of people working to their own agenda, in silos.
No 'team player' attitude amongst many people.
Far too many governance committees on one hand then expecting sign-off on things after a couple hours review at others.
Several members of senior management in Edinburgh at the time (many still there) had a personality bypass and no clue how to manage staff.. bad management and a lack of executive support leaves this organisation with poor security resources.. Poorly led, poor strategic direction. Expensive food, not much of a social life, unfair procedures.. Under invested.   Management only interested in protecting own jobs, will not escalate resource & customer service issues, in case looks bad on them. Need to be more honest & ability to back their beliefs.   Was about getting into own little clubs / boys network.  If you also supported wrong football team, you did not get in the "club".. Managers - especially women are generally psychopaths... And especially to other women. 

Backwards typical 80's bank culture which has no way of growing. This is a problem from top down, even with recent management changes. 

It's more about who you know over what you know- very disgraceful and they treat employees in an embarrassing manner. 

Also, they are racist beyond belief, it comes with the backward mentality of the narrow minded older people that they retain... 
No wonder they have a problem reaching out to younger generations.

Was my first job out of uni, I ended up with horrible and ungrateful managers, they treated me so badly that I almost got my contacts for national papers involved. 
My manager was a bully, and tried her hardest to shred my confidence apart because I got on with the team and the team hated her. She made out nothing I did was good enough but then always gave me more to do. 
Being on the grad scheme you would want to get involved with the team, but she just made me do her work for her- which she made up as she went along. She got HR involved and got a minute taker in every meeting to cover her own back. She was vile and toxic. But she prepared me on how to handle encounters with psychos.. Lack of available funds to keep up with the big competitors. Not the most competitive in pay rates, more than made up for by the culture. Many departments appear to be managed by"clubs" of managers who protect each other in order to maintain a certain way - some managers do not appear to be qualified for their positions. Additionally, unwritten rules, including topics such as how many hours extra each week you should be doing (unpaid) is keeping the company in the past.. Lack of accountability and technology requires investment.. No clear IT strategy. At all.
Too many people without a clue, but with a vote.
Far too much command & control. Crusty old offices, a little blinkered. Career potential might be limited if not based in or not prepared to travel to Scotland or north of England. Although they said you were able to voice your opinion, if you did you were deemed to be a trouble maker. Unfair end of year reviews as they were only allowed to give a certain percentage of bonuses, so a pointless exercise. No work life balance, lots of late shifts per week, and often early start straight after. More bothered about picking up calls than making sure notes typed up correctly. Too many stats, even the total time in a day you put customers on hold was looked into! Staff very demotivated and it was all about if your face fits. The way some management think they can speak to staff is horrendous. If they concentrated on the staff as much as they do on the brand name then it would maybe be OK. That is never going to happen though. If you want to be be stressed and miserable then go for it! Very pleased I left.. Very little, similar to many Banking platforms there's always room to develop and push boundaries. Some terrible management, the worst I’ve ever experienced.
Really awful blame culture with some extremely bad behaviour from some colleagues and senior members of staff.
Long hours expected but not rewarded
Not everyone is given training opportunities. none I can think of. People don't really want to help new employees, management say one thing and are not really connected to the ordinary employees. If your face fits then you're fine otherwise forget it. I've highlighted some key ones.

Horrible culture. The way some people treat and speak to one another is horrendous. This is known to mgmt and HR but no proper course of action has been taken to safe-guard people.

Terrible work-life-balance. It's typical for colleagues in my dept to work an extra 10-30 additional hours per week and for those who don't, be prepared to discuss this in your one-to-ones and performance reviews as an area for improvement. Honestly I've known contractors to work 60-70 hours per week and be told it's not enough.Working from home is a waste of time too because you get bombarded with irrelevant phone calls and tasks, due to a lack of trust.. Bullying abounds and although the business knows it goes on they continue to shore up the senior exec staff who are the source. Everyone is terrified to have an opinion especially if it is different to senior level staff.  Micro management for certain things and kept in the dark for others. Remuneration packages are poor in comparison to other banks. If you value your sanity do not work here. Toxic! Schizophrenic exec and leadership. Cant make decisions and stick to them. Governance beyond belief. Favouritism abounds. Project team couldn't deliver a letter without multiple committees approval. Ridiculous. Glad I left. There is a great life outside of VM. Try it!. The pay was at the lower end of market rate, with little scope of out of band adjustment. Some travel was required.  Very limited funding avaliable for required project work. Style over substance. As long as the brand image is alright, anything else can get stuffed, particularly staff. If you fancy being overworked, understaffed and stressed to the point of suffering hairloss in your 20's, go for it.. I joined the company with high hopes, however it has lurched from one disaster to another. 

There are far to many layers of management, most of which have been here for so long they are unwilling to change with the times. 
I work in a team of 10, 4 of which are managers. Each with their own agenda and little patch to defend.
They are only interested in justifying their own existence and trying to insulate themselves from any potential problems.

Some managers use fear and bullying tactics to get their own way.
Verbal abuse and threats of dismissal or loss of bonus are common.

I was promised flexible working, work from home, training both on the job and formal, none of these have ever materialised. 

Staff turnover is a serious problem, I have been here 2 years and am now the longest serving member of staff.

The IT systems are beyond useless, only the hard work of colleagues keeps the place running.. Management heavy
Meetings to look busy
Disorganised
Extremely behind (technology wise)
Outdated systems and computers
No tools to correctly do your job
Contractor heavy
Little staff upskilling
Poor management 

Everything in CB moves extremely slowly.  From projects I have had visibility of, they appear to be poorly planned and managed.  Managers seem to be hired more for their ability to use 'manager speak' rather than to successfully manage a team. Multiple 3-4 hour daily meetings are the norm in a place where endlessly discussing the same issues rather than tackling the problem is gospel.  
'This is the way it's always been done' is something you will hear extremely frequently if you decide to accept a job at CB.. Its easy to get drawn into long hours and obsessing about projects due to the way in which they are managed, although this is changing albeit slowly and the team I worked in is traditionally the end of the project process which doesn't help.

Culture and values are sometimes misleading/confusing, for example be safe does seems to contradict (do) business unusual.. Bullying is prevalent but disguised by incompetent management staff.. Minimum resource means you are tearing your hair out most days.  Forget lunch hours and be prepared to work long hours often from home to keep up.. None that I can think of.. IT equipment is outdated but hopefully will be better once updated.  Too many managers and you don't really see them or know what they do. In some areas some of the previous NR staff are quite demotivated due to lack of progression opportunities in their jobs. More help and support could be offered. Objectives and ratings  need to be fairer and actually based on merit and not statistics.. Early days were brilliant but things started to change when the company took over Northern Rock and the same buzz was no longer there.. Team leaders constantly going on about team members' attitudes. If you tried to voice your opinion you were always made to feel that you were rocking the boat. 
Team leaders were often away from their desks a lot of the time but never advised any team members where they were going to be and for how long, so if anyone came looking for them nobody could say where they were. (GWG).
Computers were old and software programmes were known to crash quite regularly which made it difficult to get your job done in the time parameters that were set. 
If you "butted heads" with a team member/ team leader, you were made to feel like you were the problem and that other management knew about it even though things like this were supposed to be kept private. 
Management made you feel bad if you chose not to take part in prize draw meetings or anything of that nature.. Far too many layers of management with many people leaders seemingly adding little value yet feeling the need to justify their roles. Senior management can be inflexible and unaware of grass roots issues with clients and staff (and many prefer to avoid such issues). Whilst newer staff benefit from better compensation (compared to longstanding staff) long-held, entrenched views of management can make it difficult to become "accepted".  Limited career opportunities.. There are already some great summaries on here, my view would be that there is something wrong with the place. 

Absolutely no focus on getting the basic things right, investment goes on the CEO's vanity projects and not on fixing the things that cause customers and colleagues so many problems.

Newly appointed Executives are dumping their shares at the earliest point possible, this does not breed confidence. 

There are huge issues with legacy salaries which means that the guy sat next to you could be earning twice your salary to do the same job - not very motivational. On top of this last year's profits were up but bonuses were down and the exec team were too gutless to explain why. 

A great number of the Senior Management team are incompetent or totally corrupt. Luckily for the female managers who fall in to these categories, the CEO has set targets on women in senior positions so they are now untouchable. 

Doing the right thing and putting your hand up when something goes wrong puts you in a position of weakness so it's best to cover your backside or blame somebody else. What a great culture. 

I'm not sure how the place is getting away with it. Something will go wrong soon.. Where to start.....following the acquisition or northern rock the employees were on such a high and excited to move forward and have some investment!  Well why a joke Birgin have not invested in any significant change to any systems and the all changes actually undertaken have been regulatory and risk related to avoid fines that's it! Every year it's the same old age process! It's a joke!

There are a couple of executives who are trying to build something different, however they are simply out numbered and have to fight triple hard to do the simplest of things whilst the rest of the executives and director team throw stones at them!  The executives who matter lose the will eventually and leave this has certainly been the case recently and then they have promoted the terrorist executives into night roles having responsibility for large benumbed of colleagues these directors where masks - every day claiming to staff that they want to make customers love is when what they actually mean is that they want to make the CEO love them!

In my time I have seen some really corrupt practices working at a senior level I have seen career blocking, favouring favourite colleagues who seem to be signify fly exceeding every year for kissing up to the directors! That's how you survive at this company otherwise you dare to have your own mind and opinion and you get victimised or you royalty is questioned!  I know that all the good people here will leave eventually as they get worn down by it all!  All fur coat and no knickers indeed, a CEO who is hated by 75% of the workforce and a director team who operate without integrity for own gains!  They bang on about Making our Customers love us but in my view perhaps they should start with the people first ! This company does not live up to the sign on the door and should be ashamed of there poor practices - I don't often right reviews like this believe me but if you are thinking of working here please consider the reviews on here carefully! The y'all speak the truth!. Salaries haven't kept pace with the going rate, constant change and banking crisis. 5:30 finish, 5 would be maybe better. Certain areas feel that that they are being managed by the wrong people, who are simply in the job due to length of service.. Always short staff, sometimes more than 6 months, you do 3 roles or even more for the salary of only 1 role, very stressful environment, managers not qualified to manage a bank, HO & CEO  want to run before they can walk, A bank which look after its customers but not its employees, working there mostly ends by resignation or getting mental problem.. Poor decision making, bureaucracy, lack of strategy and focus. A constant attempt to brain wash you with the Virgin culture.  Some people will love it, some just don't get it.

An antiquated performance management and bonus system which has a happy knack of alienating just about everyone.

A CEO who seems to care more about women's rights than running a company.

The company want people who say yes, they don't want people who may challenge management.

Salary and career prospects are poor.. Belittling of staff, no progression, pay is way below company standards constant hassle little rewards lazy higher staff paid at least 4 x more with not a clue how much miserable staff are! Pulled like a strech Armstrong and handed a disciplines for the simplest mistakes!. The top team is paid very well despite being absolutely incompetent. The bank keeps hiring Commercial Head, COO, etc from RBS, a disaster of a bank and they all become the CEO's yes men very quickly or do not survive for too long. The ones who stay will get very rich while the people who work hard get minimal wage rises and negligible bonuses and have poor long term prospects in the bank. 

But there have been many departures at the senior levels recently and it will continue until there is a change at the top. The CEO talks the talk but has no understanding of the business or market and screams and shouts at people who are unfortunate enough to get in front of her. In public, her persona is all honey and sugar but in reality, she is downright nasty to her direct reports and others who meet her in various forums. She talks a lot about EBO but it just is a warm and fuzzy term for PR purposes that means absolutely nothing other than Executives Better Off as another reviewer mentioned. Things have become worse after the IPO and CEO panic around share price creates regular havoc with day to day running of the business.

There is no investment in infrastructure and systems that will help this bank stand out. Most of the computers still run on Windows XP and the mortgage platform dates back to the pre crisis Northern Rock era. Processes are manual and antiquated.

Branson can write articles and posts on LinkedIn etc about value of employees and people and its importance but it is all lip service and the reality is complete opposite. Everyone is afraid to speak out. Branson visits the bank once in year and it is just a selfie opportunity for people.. Very long recruitment process and feedback after interview. Changed minds about job offer without explanation which came across as shambolic and disorganised.  Totally unprofessional although they were not a first choice in any case given than they came across as very hierarchical and insecure during the interview process.  Having read the reviews on here should have stayed clear - a relief to be saved from actually having to deal further with this cagey outfit.. No prospects and poor pay. No career progression in the branches.  Saturday working is every other Saturday and is included in your wage - No overtime pay.  A bit like a headless chicken when it comes to leadership.  The new initiatives come thick and fast and with little forethought.  The stores are run with very low staff numbers so getting time off is a battle.. Overly complicated company structure, unclear reporting lines (I have 4 managers).
Very high workload, contracted for 35hrs but expected to do 50hrs each and every week just to tread water.
Little reward or recognition
There is a culture of blame, the higher you go the less likely they are to except outstanding and historical issues.
There is a lot of dead wood in the company, people who have been there for 10/15/20 years doing the same job, the same way with no desire to drag the company into the 21st century. Still very small, and processes are still being refined. Everything! The CEO and Management Team are awful, disingenuous people that are out for themselves, have no compassion or humanity for real people and are hiding behind the Virgin brand and a whole load of bullsh*t messages that they don't even try to live up to. 

I can't believe it hasn't hit the fan there yet to be honest, and that's only because there's a culture of genuine fear of expressing or even holding in secret, a negative opinion of the place.. Where to start? No work life balance. This company takes the virgin brand and shows it for what it really is: all style no substance. 

Shareholders are taking their money and running, so are the staff! If you worked there you'd see the stuff that goes on that the public never see, really shady stuff. In fact, how some of the things don't make it to the public eye seems a little bit sinister to me.

There is no strategy nor direction. This is because the CEO is too busy with her own ego (being a celebrity and all) to care too much about the success of the company beyond the glorious shareholders. Also, there is no flexibility in the company structure because the CEO runs the company like a middle manager would, not like a CEO. Fred the Shred's right hand woman indeed.

As for the pay, well it's ok if you can negotiate a good salary on joining the company or are a contractor. But if you're a long serving member of staff or don't have another bank (RBS) on your cv then you may as well resign yourself to 1% payrises if you outperform. None if you don't.

Don't believe the hype if you're thinking about joining as a career. Speak to people who've worked there, and read reviews! I see other review sites have glowing reviews, however I'd advise caution, these are likely to be shills as VM has a dedicated team who are in charge of 'external communications' (pr) and actively review their own company. See for yourself, they are usually on employment agency websites.

Formerly working in an area that influenced the short and long term business aims, I can see that this company is really on a knifedge, however knowing the brand it will probably end up ok because the public lap it up (amazing pr).

I wish I could say more, but I really don't have the strength anymore, this is such a letdown of a company. Hard work not fairl treatment if you want to complain. The union is hopeless. Mirroring what other reviewers have said, if your face fits, you play the game, and you have RBS as a previous employer, you might actually have an opportunity. Otherwise, you are pushed from pillar to post, treated abysmally and given little option but to get on with it. 

The HR department have no integrity, going straight to management regarding colleagues concerns. 

The management are excellent at working with HR to orchestrate roles, interviews, job changes, all to suit the main objective which seems to be employing as many of their friends from former employment as possible. 

The change function is a joke, and is seen as an ironic name for a department so wrapped in it's own importance it fails to address underlying issues with colleague engagement (which by the way is being taken out for a single beer, two weeks before engagement surveys come out) poor infrastructure, lacking technology upgrades and with seven different layers of management. 

Poor colleague morale in most lower graded departments, particularly Operations and IT. 

Little opportunity for promotions - poor career paths etc. 

Being truthful and pragmatic is generally frowned upon.. Management hubris is often present and a tendency to blame failings on prior leadership while making the same mistakes happens. Pay is mediocre.. Not enough delegation from executive team and CEO in particular. Constant direction changes and no real clear corporate objectives for everyone to get behind. You go through 10 hoops to get something approved only to be told the rules have just changed and now you need CEO approval for recruitment and wait another 3 months to find out if you can backfill a key position.. Dictatorial, no respect for opinions, no work life balance, poor pay for minions. bureaucracy, stagnation, lack of development. Bank in recovery stage and would appear a little lost. Terrible salary-to-expectation ratio, you do the hard work but will be fed the crumbs
Forget 37.5 hour weeks, you are expected to do many many more
Reward scheme is counter-motivational: 1.5% salary increases are pretty much the realistic maximum
China smile on staff, most seen happy enough but one of these days people's smiles are going to crack
Arcade is in desperate need of attention and repair
Feeling of total and utter demoralisation when you see what the execs receive compared to others assist from contractors
Unless you're a contractor or you've worked for another bank, salary is awful and the idea that low pay/high performance will accelerate your salary more than high pay/high salary is simply a LIE!
Confusing culture
Picture painted prior to being employed is VERY VERY different to the reality
Over a 1 year waiting list for a parking space.... Poor management structure with often knee-jerk reactions to change. Poor planning at the top level leads to uncertainty in the teams and lack of confidence in suppliers.
Virgin Money hasn't changed much of the old Northern Rock ways and we'll be left behind if we don't hurry up.. some outdated systems which stop you working to full potential, some miscommunication from senior management with 'dinosaur' managers still in place in some departments. Senior management appear to only know about certain things and do not take on feedback on how to improve systems/processes etc

Dated systems

Do not appreciate staff

Sold so much about how good the company is to work for and it is the total opposite. Management level is inept.  IT is technically more than a decade behind where it ought to be.  Definitely a case of who you know trumps what you know.  Merger between Virgin Money and Northern Rock was a train crash - still very little sign of an integrated company.  Neither side of the company trusts the other, sometimes with very good cause.  Complete lack of external training.
Wish I'd never started this job.. CEO runs a dictatorship with some 'inner-circle' friends on huge pay with massive bonuses. The real staff are treat with contempt, forced into real term pay cuts even when performing well in their jobs. Cost cutting for staff is bordering on insanity as the Executives refuse to embrace the company motto of 'Everyone's better off', enforcing these cuts whilst they all take home millions each (check the 2014 accounts if you don't believe me).

The risk department is ran by faceless, ex RBS mannequins who'll stab staff in the back at the first opportunity. An awful atmosphere has staff morale at rock bottom, reports of management bullying staff, threatening staff, with a constant stream of long term sick and even people managed out of the business. 

Don't speak up or your life will be made a misery.

A sad desperate entity made out to appear 'different' and 'innovative'.

Don't be fooled, AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. Crippled by governance and top heavy pay banding. Has a very obscure view of delivering change which is built on a broken recharge model forcing projects to do the bare minimum at the detriment of doing the right thing. Expect to be micro managed and having the same conversation with a few thousand people before a decision can be made. When contractors are cheaper than internals you know there are problems. I echo the other reviews regarding if your face fits you may get on..or pushed out the door who knows.... Can be like being in high school
Again - you're irrelevant if not in the popular clique

Meetings used as way to look
Busy, even if they aren't productive

A lot of people whose only role seems to be to pass blame to others. CEO thinks she's a celeb. 
It's all about the gloss of the brand with no real substance underneath.  
There is no trust in the staff by the SLT, and the SLT certainly shouldn't be trusted. 
It's run like an SME. 
Very high pressure with completely unrealistic objectives.
Your opinion is not welcome.. The company would make huge mistakes (in the line of charging customers incorrect mortgage interest rates) and then hire lots of temporary staff to deal with the problem, promising them the option of a permanent contract further down the line. Would later find any reason to fire them (one man was let go for 'coming in one minute late with a subway').
Poor relationship between management and junior staff. Taking toilet breaks was frowned upon. Taking two toilet breaks in a shift could get you threatened with dismissal.. Not particulatly well paid for the amount of work done.. Very unorganised, poor salary rises unless of course you are Jayne Anne or a friend.  Sluggish processes with dated tools and technologies.  Career progression also seems limited unless you have a cv from another failed bank like RBS.  This company don't appear to have a work life balance attitude either.  I worked a lot of hours with no overtime or flexible time.  It's a small company that think they are big.. My supervisor did not really explain my tasks to me properly so i spent much of my time trying to initiate tasks and trying to do my best but a little more leadership and help would have been welcomed.. Small bank with limited potential for development, stretching targets. Bank's direction is unclear. It's difficult to achieve anything due to complicated procedures and lack of capacity. Staff cuts have left many areas overstretched and you can expect to work long hours to compensate. Long term prospects are uncertain because parent bank NAB are planning to exit the UK. Morale is poor as a result.. Great brand, shame about the senior management. Working in a regulatory environment means keeping on top of legislation and being aware of both the bank's and your own obligations.. For no apparent reason, the management every couple of years, have a reshuffle of staff around various branches within a 25 mile radius! Even  though they are settled/happy in their workplace and have a knowledge and familiarisation of their customer base. They take no consideration of the staff's personal circumstances and railroad them into moving (usually quite a distance from where they were settled). This causes demotivation, bad morale and dissatisfaction with their employer!. Economic challenges affected the structure of the Bank at the time, leading to cuts. Intensive workloads and high expectations. At the time the Bank lacked strong leadership in the UK which lead to a variety of changes, which it appears have left them in good shape now.. didn't manage to evade the nonsense that all the other banks adhered to.  Average customer service, call centre, etc. Team and Senior Managers all part of a clique and appears very little scope for progression for some talented people. Virgin culture didn't exist where I worked, senior management made decisions for the business rather than the customer. Some customer service staff forced to move roles on a regular basis.. tried to move up the ladder, however face did not fit so got know where. Managers are bullys.. See above. The bank is a nightmare and in total confusion. The NAB has to deal with the huge mis-sale of loans before it can sell it off: it's already absorbed billions of toxic debt run up by all the bright young bucks.. Recent restructures have limited career development opportunities. Salary not very competetive within the Banking industry. didnt deliver on my expectations. Had a great set up in Financial Solutions Centres (as was) but management did not support the team ethic with the result that collective goals were invariably missed.. The organisation was on a massive growth curve when I joined  and recruited from outside the organisation in a big way to help achieve their ambitions. 
Then it went pear shaped and most of the people recruited back in the mid noughties left leaving those who were in an outdated and out of touch business in the first place.
This was an company that promised much but didnt achieve. The new 2013 model will not work because management have basically gone back to a business that didnt achieve in the first place with little scope to grow the business and a credit department that will not use common sense.. No career progression
Old technology
More interest in overpriced contractors than internal staff. Senior manager very dictorial.. they need to open their eyes to appreciating their staff and that that the way forward is coaching and developing.   feedback was verging on bullying and very underhanded.  agree performance  management is vital but not to the point of pushing people over the edge and breaking theit confidence... which I did see with others.. Byzantine IT processes. Change mgt not working.
All IT moving to Newcastle now.
Decision making is done by a few individuals, you may be in charge of one platform and decisions about it will be made by a senior mgr  from another group. That's why the good people leave.
No training.. A lot of branches short staffed. Very internal compliance focused and "petty", virtually no useful training provided, very flat management structure with few learning or promotion prospects. Do not live up to the values.. -  Small bank with big beaucracy (although most Banks are strangled by red tape)
-  Muddled targets and reactive rather than proactive strategies 
-  Over managed in areas with large sub section of middle management
-  Essentially reward is put solely on achievement of new sales targets and management of skills/knowledge base could be better
-  Limited progression upwards with real moves being sidewards progressions. Poor management and poor employee treatment. Top brass is s typical group of white, male, combative individuals, each building their own territory. No strategy, no alignment or communication. Just a bunch of white men challenging each other for the sake of show-off and own ego satisfaction. A state of utter confusion, misscommunication and an air of mistrust perpetually exists in all levels of the firm. Gender bias is rife and women are paid a lot less than men counterparts. A couple of women who made to the top behave just like their male colleagues. HR is particularly useless and remains blind to the cultural issues and open discrimination. HR acts like a puppy to the top brass. Senior management pays lip service to Conduct, D&I and gender bias.. Long hours during busy periods. Very stress and demanding on weekends. Bad manager - wouldn’t let the team progress in the business, picked favourites.. Not enough employee recognition or opportunities for progression. a lot of politics, to many internal competitiveness. Not enough flexible working options in some areas. HR are poor. No empathy and only there to protect the company.. Lack of automation
Very manual in processes but getting better. The quarterly/yearly reviews can be quite lengthy at times. None that I have seen so far.. none that I can remember. Generally a very positive experience. Hard to think of negatives.. Occasionally roles and responsibilities overlapped/were unclear.. The staff retention is poor for such a huge company. Long hours over month end and year end. No cons yet to mention. Bit too focused on project delivery to the detriment of strategy and quality. Incompetent managers, very little opportunity to grow or develop, almost zero opportunity to do any learning. Constant change that is badly managed and implemented. Low pay in relation to workload and responsibility, bonus very poor.. There are no cons to report, The best onboarding programme with out question.. Lack of support, very much a one size fits all approach to people handling, managers are very cliquey and if you don't fit the mould you know about it, backstabbing colleagues (not all, just some) and overall the salary is lower than competitors,bonus is based on perfomance which is judged by your manager and as I say, if you don't fit the mould, this can and has affected bonus payment.. Not many at all, it’s a great place to work.. The London office is too cramped.. Not enough review of branch managers before they are hired. No encouragement to enhance skills and learning. Lack of appreciation of technical knowledge when recruiting for technical/specialist areas.
No opportunities for progression.. Long working hours on few days. Large company which treats employees as a number rather than a person. Victim of its success that the company is too fragmented and has no real cohesion.. Not much room for promotion. large co so adaption to change is slow. Slow Career development, salary not competitive to the rest of the industry. pay not on same level as other banks. Bit of a 2 floor attitude between operations and client services. Job specs irrelevant to the role you'll be doing, high expectations with basic salaries well below the market, huge pay discrepancies between managers and analysts. Members of different teams, who are doing the same thing for a lifetime and in fact have minimum responsibilities have also created a typical English blame culture. Very high employee turnover in this team - management simply let employees leave one after another.. Poor wages and you don't get any support form Senior management. Cannot rely on Senior management.. Blame culture
Pay below market rate 
Limited progression opportunities. Salaries are low compared to all equivalent institutions. Cannot fault anything with this company good company to work for. Very low salary to hard working employees. Slow change
Low ambitions
No clear paths for career progression. Heard it has become more head down work. Poor salary in comparison to similar roles,  micromanaging in ops, quick turnover , quantity over quality attitude. Can’t think of any. Not a good company  to work for,  the managers are all from the same background, by now you should know more.. Limited product to go to market with. Certain departments can be very demanding.. Poor IRB and IVU culture, egotistical leaders, poor leadership,, infighting. hard to find any cons with the company. Poor Staffing levels 
Poor project planning. I was doing work differnt from my skill set. Unstructured approach
Politics 
No career progression. CIO gets his cronies to do the dirty firing for unjustified reasons and HR go along with it. Completely unethical management style and not sure how they get away with it, keep you on and then before 2 years is up make up performance lies so no redundancy is due - crooks. Happened to many staff, one minute they are there, next they are not. 

You know who you are.

Avoid like the plague.. HR like dont exist at all.
 Despite positive feedbacks from your immidiate boss and peers, they may be disregarded if you should be dissmised by the reasons no one bother to tell. Permanent reorganization across the Group put everyone at high risk no matter you are working at front, middle or back office. Despite lots of talks about transparrancy, people development, engagment and etc. Its mostly expected from you rother then executives or immediate boss. Relatively low pay compare to the market for similar positions in London.. Change can be on the slow side. Nothing. I love working here.. None that I have come across so far.. There were management changes whilst I was there, meaning changes to our T&Cs which were to our detriment. Nothing come to my mind. Nothing to report as of yet.. No cons or negative feedback. No proper training just had some one sit for an hour or so a day. Administrative tasks were quite boring. Central functions think they own the show. They are lacking in people skills. In my opinion they are immature, cliquey and don't behave in a professional manner befitting of such a sizeable company. A real shame. 
The training and onboarding is atrocious. Teach yourself and don't dare ask questions. Expect everyone to talk about everyone in a negative way, share salary details and ride rough shod over any ideas.. Facilities and controls mostly centralised so Premium division do not have much autonomy. hierarchy at its highest: it's all about having the right title, otherwise you will be doing boring stuff and left behind
annoyingly security policy for everything (you cannot even take a screenshot with the company phone)
poor top managers in Credit Risk
worst IT ever: open a ticket and nobody will ever respond to you. - People are leaving left, right and centre. That’s not a good sign 
- The different lines of business don’t really communicate. All are self-interested resulting in duplication and inconsistency across the business
- Incredible amount of (unwarranted) arrogance, ego and self-importance amongst some senior management, some of the worst I’ve ever seen. This leads to tendency to overcommit and under-deliver or cover up/misdirect mistakes 
- A lot of non-management “game players”, schmoozing and favouritism, some of it pretty blatant
- Terrible processes, particularly projects. Everything is ALWAYS a rush so constant and needless levels of stress which affect the quality of what is trying to be achieved.
- Worst, most disinterested HR ever. They’re not really engaged, have terrible and inconsistent processes, don’t really support you with issues and just defer problems back to management out of ease or indifference
- Very cramped offices - Too many people. Too little space.. None, it was a great place to work. Empty promises
Management is clicky 
Salary is poor 
No progression when asked continuously. Rotation  among lower levels due to low salaries. Management don't really care about employees
Horrid HR department
Unclear strategy
Old-fashioned beyond compare. Can be a bit slow to change at times. Lack of support and decent management. Technology and systems could be updated. Tough performance requirements, balanced with very good financial rewards.. career development slow at times. Internal communications could be better. Massive staff turnover. No progression. Loads of backstabbing. Negative attitudes with all lines of management. Big blame culture.. Growing concerns among staff of an excessive focus on quarterly results without any clear strategy or investment in the future. Clear instances of over reliance on past performance as an indicator of future success. Concern among staff that the number of recent changes/exits among senior management and business units, reflecting disagreement about the future direction of the Group, particularly as staff view many recent appointments by Risk/Credit as appointing allies, rather than talent in the industry, thus avoiding challenge on the status quo.. I felt that from January 2015 to May 2016 there wasn't many opportunities for progression within the company.. - Little opportunity for socialising within teams. (1) Very high attrition rate (both voluntary and involuntary) across all levels and all qualities;
(2) Highly fragmented organisation with each business unit contradicting the other business units;
(3) Highly accusatory management who are very quick to point the finger without understanding the environment the employee is working in;
(4) Quick to give feedback but won't take feedback on board - the employee has no voice;
(5) HR support is non-existent;
(6) Management turn blind-eye to bullying;
(7) Lack of defined processes;
(8) Out-dated IT;
(9) Over-worked staff with low morale;
(10) Insecure working environment with lots of restructures;
(11)No clear direction.. Unfortunately if you don't fit into the 'gentlemans club', your credits don't count, its very much who you know and not what you know. Quite old school in its behaviours and flexible working is not trusted or encouraged.. Many processes heavily manual. Currently undergoing huge internal change to correct this. Salary not as high as some competitors. Some of the individual business units are very poorly managed in my opinion.. After 3 years of hard work, the CIO and his cronies at the time suddenly decided to make life very difficult for me..... Not the best pay though. team politics and monoply policies across team members. The management team can be indecisive. A bit of a disconnect between the various offices. No opportunities to advance unless you worked in sales. Deals largely with brokers, Many silos.. Salary may be lower than some of its competitors. No progression, No ethics whatsoever.. Deep hierarchies
Need to know people to make things happen
Old technology
Focus on sales people mostly
Lack of career progression. Honestly just a terribly bad structured company. Managers are petty and poor performers. A kind of culture that is soul destroying. 
Inductions are long and you’re told for some people this place isn’t for them - you’ll figure it out! If that don’t spell clique I don’t know what does?!
Really wouldn’t bother. FTSE firm acting like a cheap high street firm. Grossly poor remuneration versus market, lose best employees, childish environment at times, unnecessary red tape. No downsides to working at Close Brothers. sometimes management are like headless chickens with too many U turns.. Technology and the way is used needs improving but is a recognised issue and work is on its way to sort this out.. Too much politics, too many managers. Main office needs more space and easier access to meeting rooms.. Use of some of the old technologies not relevant in today's hi tech competitive environment. But long term plans in place to catch up with the best tools and technologies.. Lack of career progression in current role. Nothing as yet. Everything was as told at interview stage . I expect to travel and expect to work in a challenging environment. As a trainer that’s why I do it. If everything was easy ., no point !. Perhaps more progression opportunities be good.. No long term plan, poor systems, management decisions based on fear for position, management more concerned about self-preservation and progression for themselves rather than leading/motivating subordinates. Favourites progress, others don't. HR have some frustrating restrictions in place regarding salaries - individual business unit CEOs aren't always able to pay market rate due to HR policies. Pace of work can be slow, sometimes feels like a company full of 'B' players.. Lower base salary
Better bonus that average 
Glass ceiling for promotion. Will help themselves to your bank account. Weak opportunities for internal progression. Over-reliance on contractors. Increasingly high turnover.. Perhaps lower salary than market but offset by location in wimbledon and good working hours. targets are achievable, when more than 2 thirds of the staff don't achieve month on after month, you have to be really motivated to keep going. If you have a non-British accent, this place is not for you in the long term.  Laugh to your manager' jokes and self-promote yourself.  If you are someone who expects your work to speak for you, you are in the wrong place.  Better be good at showing off power point presentations, that's all that matters. Senior management is polite but snobbish. Dress smart since they are quite judgemental about formal dressing.. 1. Complete lack of a meritocracy culture -  you will go far as long as you know how to talk up the pointless meetings you've been attending all day, try to sound as if you're extremely busy all the time seems to be everyone's modus operandi.

2. Close mindedness - always the same approach in tackling issues, irrespective of relevance. There's no root cause analysis performed when approaching a problem. 

3. Behind the times (way) IT systems- am sure this is THE common theme for current employees and leavers alike.. None that immediately spring to mind. Communication between different business lines needs to be stronger.
The central functions need to ensure they fully listen to the needs of the businesses.. Few dinosaurs around that are stopping progress - Company modernising but being slowed down by the old boys!!. It is slightly behind with technology. Not all senior managers are open to try new innovative solutions. I was offered a job which promised I implement a lot of new technologies but I did not get the opportunity. My team's senior management are happy with traditional methods and are afraid to change. I waited for about a year to use my core skills, kept asking my senior management team, but it did not happen. They kept saying let's not complicate things - what we are doing is close enough to advanced work, etc.. So I resigned.. None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None None. unfeasible targets set in certain months against other branches, needs to be more tailored towards individual branches to produce a more accurate account of performance
high turnover of staff. Pay is definitely not great for the job you do (however their is bonus).
Internal career progression can be difficult. You will only get promotion if you  become favourite of your boss regardless how hard working and good you are at work. You will get no appreciation for the good work you have done even if your productivity is excellent.  Even HR department is not unbiased they work on the instructions of department heads. Overall not a good place to work for longer period of time.. Despite being a great place to work, Close has a very bureaucratic culture.. Technology / systems are a bit behind the curve (it's so complicated to process expenses that I generally don't bother!). The senior management in invoicing finance needs swapping out, it's an old boys club and the main guy is a bully.. Bad management style 
Poor pay
Out of date technology 
Clueless and bullying management 
Too many chiefs 
Blame culture
 No communication between departments 
Actively encourage bad treatment of customers. Management treat you like slaves with zero respect or appreciation.

There is no consistency - the management and processes have changed multiple times in the last 3 years because they are patient enough to see anything through.

Have a habit of changing job titles to make people redundant.

Would rather pay agency fees and hire external applicants on higher salaries than promote internally and increase the internal staff members pay.

Jobs are very much the same thing every day with little to no variety.

Jobs are often sold as something different to what the employee will end up doing once they're hired.. With quite a lot of change at the senior management level, progress through the ranks is slow. Salaries are not as high as they are for equivalent jobs with competitors.. Poor communication among departments
Significant IT improvements needed to catch up with competition
Bad work/life balance. The visions and values seems to promote a facade of a caring environment which works as a mask for some toxic attitudes.
Pay is good if you're willing to fight for it, but unless you've got something better lined up, they are not willing to reward.. ...but there are clearly problems when turnover's so high half the staff have been there less than a year. Lack of problem ownership, superficial, confused and misleading communications, blame culture, flat but dysfunctionally top heavy all chiefs and project managers but not nearly enough indians to follow through on those ambitious plans looking to the future..... Sporadic office locations
Behind in technology proposition. Uncompetitive pay/rewards
Lack of comminication to all staff members. The usual bureaucracy with any financial services organisation.   There is usually a way to manage this but it does require a good knowledge of these processes.. location of office, about the only one!. If you're stuck in the wrong team you're doomed. The offices are based in Wimbledon.. Abilities of people promoted, pay, lack of bonus, management knowledge.. Very traditional business.  Some decisions can take a long time to make because it is very consultative.. everyone overwhelmed and entrenched in their
position. Difficult to do justice to one's remit as an external contractor.  Senior management feared by all. A minority of long established contractors allowed to keep information to themselves and operate obstructively.. Still catching up in terms of technology and communication
Management could be more transparent. I was employed for under six months and decided to leave as I really did not enjoy working here.

- HR is utterly useless. Queries, escalations and general understanding of the direction of the business were all poorly dealt with, or not at all.

- Never assigned a desk after 6 months of working there.

- Management is useless and this is clearly a 'too many chiefs, not enough Indians' issue. There is no clear direction, agreement or understanding of the business. I worked in back office and had oversight of all areas and each area were acting as they saw fit, without approval or agreement, or even the knowledge of, overall/senior management.

- Very cliquey atmosphere. Nobody really attempts to get to know you or even makes an effort with you. The graduates seem to feel that they own the place and will, at some point, be brought down to earth when they realise the world does not revolve around them. 

- No clear route of promotion or opportunity.

- Routes of additional learning promised in interview very quickly refused.

- London office looks modern, but very dated inside. See 'The Office' with Ricky Gervais for an idea.. - Few key roles are not yet filled. Poor standards, lack of professionalism, no organisation or processes and difficult to obtain accurate information to carry out role (multiple sources of inaccurate data). Terrible IT and HR function.. It's still relatively small, so you will stand out if you don't perform. 
There are some sections of the business which don't talk to the others, although this is changing.. Still some dead wood in the organisation, they have started to clear out the under performers (I suspect some of them have been active on this site recently). I would like to see further improvements on the current flexible working scheme.. Some of the businesses used to be quite separate from each other and there wasn't much interaction between them.  That's really improved over the last few year and it's made a big difference in terms of career opportunities as it's much easier to move between business areas. Sometimes bureaucratic and a bit 'old school' in management approach. Tells lies to staff, clients and suppliers alike. 
HR are less than useful. 
Culture of fear and intimidation. 
CB has no problem in telling lies in performance reviews to ensure staff are sacked. This ensures they have no payout. Not mine. Just the 8-10 staff that they have done this in the last year. Less than honest. That's putting it mildly. truths in short supply to both the staff and suppliers. My advice. Avoid like the plague.. EXCO - some really odd characters who are simply playing the game with the CEO. They don't seem to be a strong team at all. It's all about if your face fits rather than expertise.

Learning & Development approach - very poorly executed and lacks vision and depth. Appalling attitude that permeates the place. No respect for employees, laughable attitude towards customers. I'l tired of fielding constant complaints.. Very few cons compared to most organisations, particularly compared to other Financial Services companies. No real concerns to speak of spring to mind. A very collaborative working environment, so if you prefer to work alone, this may not be the right company for you.. After a decade at Close Brothers I was disappointed that a change in management led to no professionalism, lack of leadership, unapproachable management and no morale. I had no choice but to leave the company as I have standards and they now don't. There is no understanding from senior management, no leadership and staff sit around complaining about their jobs and do as little as possible.. -Being a smaller bank, it can be unstructured at times so if you are very process orientated it might not be for you. If you value your career avoid Close Brothers  like the plague!  Alternatively if you wish to experience how a workplace was back in the 1970's join Close Brothers.  This is how outdated this firm is in its methods

Management have no backbone and have given longer serving members of staff a free reign how to treat new staff.  New members of staff are ostracised and not given support or adequate training to perform their jobs.

Expectations from management are not in line with the poor and sub standard training offered to a new starter. Management expects miracles from day one

Experienced members of staff heckle and laugh at you if you don't understand the work without proper training.  They do not support or encourage you to perform 

The environment is very cliquey and groups have been formed and if your face don't fit you are ostracised.

All in all working at Close Brothers was the most traumatising experience in my professional career.  

If you value your career think very careful before joining them as this is a soul destroying place to work

Close Brothers has immersed itself into a unique culture which is not in line with the modern workplace.  As a company they are resistant to change and modern working practices

If you do join them be prepared to change yourself to fit into this environment.  Be prepared to be institutionalised into this unique culture, otherwise your stay will be a short one.. Low paid for full time employees.  Discriminate against temps and contract workers.  Permanent staff would not talk to you just because you were temps.  Management could not speak up and control their permanent staff.  Staff were always off sick, some did not even do a full week at a time.  No Back to Work interview.  No structure.  Racist, there are no diversity in the company.  Dirty toilets, with staff leaving excrement and bogey on the walls.. Management; lack of CTO and therefore a clear IT Strategy. Unfortunately my experience at Close Brothers was traumatizing. It is very much a traditional hierarchy culture when you have to bow down to all Executives. My boss in particular was extremely difficult to work with, had unrealistic expectations and was not very understanding at all. 

I reached a point where I had no choice but to walk... I just could not take that working environment anymore.. Slow progression 
Low base salary 
Unprofessional management
Communication is weak. Because of the company size, the politics can take a strong hold over situations and can be extremely frustrating.
Some team structures and locations can impede effective communication, which inevitably impacts work. Communicating issues earlier would go a long way.
Locations affect perception far too much, which ultimately can undermine certain relationships if not managed (another issue in people not communicating with you). needs to get with the times, no top grads. Nothing i can think of. Need more structure on career progression, opportunities limited unless you know the right people. Hate getting the tube to work. Not a fan of hustle and bustle. Outdated IT, laptops, phones etc.. need to be in role 12 months before moving on. May be limited in promotions. Feels a bit behind the times in terms of some of the technology and internal systems.. Leadership team in asset finance are bullies and have no clear vision. Poor pay, little to no career progression. Its a very traditional bank, you have to wear suit and tie everyday. Its not the most cutting edge company if you want to work in banking or finance.. No room to progress. Unintelligent employees without degrees. No room to progress especially if female.. Lack of internal mentoring and career progression, lack of senior management focus. Challenging industry to work in with constantly shifting regulation.
High turnover of staff - particularly Senior Management.
Not the most inspiring location.. - Covering your back
- Complicated process
- Lack of communication and personable approach from senior management
- Limited career progression. Pitches outweight mandates in all regards ranking execution second in every respect.. Still very hierarchical place to work. Not enough staff
Constant reviews and updates of policies. I didn't have a nice manager and it made work very difficult. 
There was a culture of throwing people under the bus and deflecting blame on to others. 
It wasn't really a company that valued their employees. The emphasis was always on getting work completed which meant that people were overworked especially during busy seasons. 
The technology was very behind. It was very hard to work from home. You almost had to be in the office otherwise the files would crash.
Very little room for progression. Poor pay 
Poor systems
Lack of Progression
Gossiping. The pay isn't good
And progressing is hard. Can get quite busy at times more people needed. Too much politics, with too much talking and not enough doing. Culture says its getting better but with exception for one or two of the Executive leadership team - they talk the cultural behaviours but don't walk them.. Staff undervalued and not much scope for career progress. Pay and promotion opportunities scarce throughout organisation. Hard for women with kids to get promoted. A lot of manual work involved and overtime is required due to out-dated systems and depending on the team, overtime could (likely) be unpaid. 

 Pay for women and people of colour is lower even in same roles. Total lack of representation of racial minorities in senior management.. lack of promotion prospects here. Lack of progression
Company was struggling to compete in the sector, I was worried about redundancy. Not many - Progression opportunities maybe. None that I can see. lack of mobility and job opportunities. Lack of opportunities for promotion. No downsides at the moment. Very high pressure environment
Very much micromanaged
No onus on building relationships with clients, business is all transactional. the wrong people in powe positions. Lots of red tape to get tasks completed. Potential commute if living outside Dublin.. If you join the company from another industry on your internship, you will get stuck in the ranking trap, which is a big disadvantage for promotion and salary increase.
Focusing only on work experience within the bank, it is difficult to move to other departments that you really want to do.. Salary is not reflective of work and experience. Very hard to progress within the company/ no real career path. Long hours dont get paid for overtime. Bureaucratic, hierarchical structure. Challenging environment for women to progress. Can be long hours depending on which area/team you're on. Salary is measly compared to other banks. Do not have any cons at this time. Too many projects are shelved instead of deployed. Often feels 2nd place to the Group arm of the company. Lots of Heads and not enough staffed departments. Difficult to gain promotion in retail. Lack of staffing in some areas making the daily tasks challenging.. Salary,progression, too many different teams in one dept. No progression , terrible IT. Promotion can be hard to achieve . Stuck in the same role. no staff, poor salary, under pressure. Little benefits or rewards compared to other companies. Less pay, slow growth, no reward on performance. Little room for advancement or promotion. None that I can think of. Very repetitive and not very challenging. It is busy all year round. Pay could be better/more financial benefits.. The salary should be higher for the level of work done. very bureaucratic, things dont get done, your job is as hard as you want it to be.. Small fish, big pond organisation. Salary, promotional opportunities and silos. Perks non existent and no bonus. Not dynamic, boring work unfortunately. Archaic systems, no pension or healthcare. Higher management do not care about you, you are only a number.. No Pay Related Performance, Lack of progression. Different business areas have different ways of working and can feel siloed.. Culture, communication, colleague centric strategy. Not too many in fairness. No further progression, ancient systems, underpayed, staff viewed as numbers. systems are a bit outdated. Rare increase in wages and bonuses. Complex Change Mechanisms can impact delivery. This review part is annoying. Archaic systems
Slow to implement ideas. Low salary for what you are expected to do. No progression and poor starting salary. Lack of accountability and responsibility. Changing industry currently reducing staffing. Poor training and direction for management. * Not clear career paths for IT roles 
* Little room to grow upwards for IT roles
* Software development practices could be better (technical debt is rarely paid) 
* Little to none benefits compare to Tech companies. Hard to progress your career here.
Some areas of the bank and some people are still operating as an old institutional bank. They need to modernise. Unclear path of progression/promotion, needs to be clearer. Compensation is poor compared to non Irish banks. less creative, not modern, undervalued. Very poor pay, not much job security at the moment as rumours of branch closures. Very big staff, fair amount of pressure. Difficult for progression within bank. Pay could be better and progression is minimal. IT systems are terrible
They put graduates in different departments, some aren't at all interesting. No progression just dump work on people and offer no incentive or reward for hard work. Not always easy to access management. More and more scripting being added to each phone call, making it difficult to keep on top of everything.. Slow promotion and progression in the bank. It remains a very traditional sector, and is at risk of stagnation. Having to wear the suit and tie every day!!. it is difficult to get people to accept changes. None really was very chilled. Lower than average rate of pay. Glass ceilings, gender pay gaps, promote without pay.. Lack of progression opportunities, sometimes slow to make improvements and changes. Hard to progress career at junior levels.. A lot of. Politics and slow. there is no room to grow here. I can not think of any. Long hours but good staff. old fashioned ways of working. some senior management not great, a lot of roles outsourced. Micro managed, not much chance of progression. Old Fashioned and induced competitions.. Always about Ireland not enough about BOI UK
Make you do more than your job description
No bonus
Senior management get too involved in individual reviews that your line manager should have power to decide. Low salary, no support and training. Can be a bit institutionalised. Legacy organisation can hinder innovation. Slow career progression, lack of sales commission model.. Lack of up to date technology is crippling. Lack of Empathy, Lack of Career Progression. Little room for growth, hard to get time off. No training or career progression..very poor appraisal process.. undervalued. Stressful, difficult balancing home & work life, not great oay. A lot of change is needed but is happening slowly. Technology is way behind.. I wouldnt have any cons about BOI. Rate of pay could be better. Not a flexible company at all. Needs to be more agile. Sometimes had to deal with quite difficult, rude customers.. Management politics
Sales pressure 
Give you higher position but you have to work atleast one year on your previous salary scale. underpaid compared to others in industry. Outdated systems, very hard to progress in some areas. Lack of transparancy in how people are assessed, resulting in what looks like favoritism. Managers do not respond to challenges on the status quo. a lot of dinosaurs. Can get boring after a few of years. Not enough career progression in the company. Low pay 
Lack of diversity
Lack of career opportunities. Little staff in branches makes for tiring day. Salary, limited opportunities and technology. As with any place, short notice on some emails leading to a meeting in the morning when you wake up that you hadn't seen the day before as it was sent at midnight... Salary, location, promotion opportunities, IT systems - there was a lots of system errors, IT helpdesk outsourced. job progression needs to be worked out. More options for promotion and salary reviews. Repetitive work sometimes, promotions rare. Politics can prevail; length of service rather than performance can still prevail. Lack of Actual bank of Ireland contracts - most staff at this level are contract workers from CPL. No annual bonus or healthcare. The pay scale should be better. Jumping from band 1 to band 2 is tough. Takes too long.. very few cons cons cons. Long hours, culture was a challenge but is improving. Old school, slow at bring the last tech into play. Low pay for receptions workers. middle management salaries, opportunities to progress within. hierarchies, many life-long employees, few opportunities for career progression. Change and transformation can take time. Covid fears and demanding customers. Not enough staff sometimes.. When you run into a politicised clique you will know all about it, people can do what's best for them and not for the bank
In many roles you can get pigeonholed, many ex colleagues didn't get a chance to move around while I had a different role or challenge every 6 to 12 months
they can be resistant to change, the tech approach was based on current tech minus 1, i.e.
Senior management can be great, the bulge in the middle can seek to trip people up. team dynamics varies greatly across teams. 1. Old systems 
2. Can be hard to challenge old processes. Company doesn't really know how to reinvent itself in a modern world.. No bonuses for full time staff. Moved around and managment do not listen. micro management and competitive culture. Lack of leadership and career path development. Low pay and hard to get an increase. Constant talks about budget, reduction in staff, uncertainty. Systems can be a little dated. Not a lot of cons. Good place to work. Processes and systems outdated, a lot of red tape. Treat employees like they're in school
Micromanaging
No benefits
Horrible atmosphere
Power-hungry managers
No one looks happy in the office. Tough hours but compensated well. No bonuses, little innovation, not that exciting.. slow to change and a lot of burocracy. IT is terrible. HR slow to deal with bad apples. Change can be very slow. It was not a very dynamic place. No cons i can think off. Salary is not very competitive. Oppurtunities to advance up the company are few and far between.. Opportunities for progression are limited. Burdensome governance, fragmentation of effort due to elongated project timelines and changing priorities. Lots of out of date systems to be shored up.. i dont working at the bank. Flexible working has been a problem but its improving in light of covid. Working remotely at the moment. advancement is limited for the moment. Nothing really, a great place. Old systems Antiquated Mundane processes. No bonus is given to employees. Too focussed on cost cutting etc. No Healthcare, No bonus, Minuscule pay increases, No share options, No educational assistance for the majority of staff. call centre, horrible customers, long hours. Relatively small bank. Run out of Ireland. Not always flexible working dependent on individual management. Career progression, salary, poor staff structure. Terrible pay unless your work there a long time. pace, no or minimal salary increases and no bonus. The size of the organization can sometimes inhibit change. Progression 
Should have training course. No medical insurance Is provided for staff. No longer care about customers. 
It’s all about bottom line. 
No interest in their staffs wellbeing. 
Nomore opportunities to progress. 
Everything outsourced to call centres.. Systems are poor and time consuming in a fast paced role. People, bureaucracy and not much else. Management do not think about their staffs. Working hours not good... work life balance. - It took me a few months to realize that having a network of close contacts throughout the organization is critical to getting things done. Without that network, I wouldn't have been able to do my job effectively. Restrictions from Head Office Limit autonomy. Ridiculous band structure designed to keep everyone working for as little as possible 
No opportunity to progress within your own department 
No incentive for top performers
Pay below market value and seem very disinclined to do anything about employees leaving. No pay rises or bonus. not many opportunities to advance in your career. Slow to change. Peculiar senior appointments. Group dependency hierarchical culture and poor systems. Some work is repetitive and system errors are not uncommon.. Boring, repetitive, upper management think they’re fabulous. There are no cons at all. Working multiple roles for same salary
Acting roles without financial compensation. Dated IT
Micro managent
No career path. Opportunities mainly in Dublin, little opportunities in Kilkenny.. Difficult to progress ...very little guidance or help from management.. None at all to report. Tough to get holidays in this job. Nothing negative to re port on. Starting off through contractor agency for first contract. Very little forward progression after the programme. Systems were very dated and delayed the process 
No clear communication from underwriting, was like they were making it up as they went along
Workload could get very big at times, you will need to work some overtime before or after your shift to keep up.
As in most places all you are to  managers is someone to make their stats look good so expect to feel their pressure. Antiquated buildings, zero investment in internal systems, high staff turnover, embarrassing website, wage increases less than inflationary rise.. Low starting salary otherwise happy here.. No career advancement / progression. None that I have experience yet. No bonus, low annual leave,. Can be stressful at times and training dies not sufficiently prepare yoyu for the role. Poor work life balance; non-transparent promotion practices; significant org change has led to loss of huge knowledge base; many of remaining staff keeping heads down, doing the job but no discretionary effort. Too strict 
Too many policies 
Lots of going behind your back to report to management 
Too controlled. Hard to move up, lack of communication and understanding from management, old systems. Expect a lot but progression can happen. Still quite old school in some ways. Can get stuck in the same department with no leeway to move around the company. 1. Very low salary
2. No career progression. Salary,
Legacy systems..
Loss of expertise amoung senior management  due to senior staff being offered VR.
I.T outsourcing to a third-party caused a lot of issues with systems changes.. Wages and like of ingenuity. Badly run. Not a lot of training and development. Lots of admin work. Pay is on the lower end. Opportunity outside of Dublin is minimal. No variable pay vs. other competitors in the sector driving turnover to other banks.. Wages, slow avenues for advancement, a lot of the time the company was simply reacting to changes and not planning ahead for future innovations.. You work hard! Some jobs mean working on Saturdays. Hierarchial management culture very Male dominated and roles are filled before you even apply internally. Low staff due to recruitment freeze, very busy because of this. Although little or no opportunities to progress because of this reason.. HR is too slow to get back to your queries or provide an status update on your application. There are candidates who wait to hear back and want to plan their next steps well in advance.. Bonus, Medical/Dental insurance few perks like that be nice. No management structure,
No opportunity to progress. One of the worst workplace cultures I have experienced.
Extremely political, people who manage up get promoted over those who actually do the work despite not delivering anything or having subject matter knowledge. 
At a senior level, very few heads of function or directors have any experience of the departments the are running, and disagreement/challenge in meetings with some of the more senior leaders results in the employee being ostracized. 
Numerous talented senior staff have been sidelined for telling the truth.. People who work well, always get given lots more work. People who perform poor are left to carry on as is. 
No bonus unlike most other banks and no real perks either.
Managers obsessed with saying the word 'Agile'.
Too many people have been there too long, and many people do the same work everyday and in the same manner for years. Lack of questioning of processes and encouragement to improve the way things are done. 
Lots of tools  in the place who stop innovation  and drag out all the processes.
Pay rises are at a minimum - and are presented as bonus which is nonsense.
Technology stuck in the dark ages.
Management have their own clique posh white club. Do get to promoted you need to be close to the seniors.
No praise or recognition of day to day work or even projects which add value.. All in all, great company to work for and enhance your career. Not much room for promotion outside of Dublin. Poor culture and working atmosphere. The IT systems are atrocious.. no noticeable downsides to working here. Depending on the department, it can be difficult to progress and can be a slow paced working environment.. slow paced environment, a lot of barriers and politics. - no bonuses
- not as diverse as it should (especially within senior management and middle management)
- slow processes. Some examples of nepotism within the office I was based in but may not be the case in other offices. The systems in place need quite an extensive over-hall to compete with existing and emerging banking systems.. Old and progression can be dependant on time there. moral decimated by excessive outsourcing. Work life balance not great.. No bonuses are a drag. Not alot of flexibility. career opportunities - seems difficult/slow to progress. Long hours at times but to be expected in the field of work. Management would rather spend all day in meetings discussing plans rather than actually delivering something.. Pay, short staffing, no empathy from managment re conditions.. Staff Training opportunities  are disappointing.. Almost no ability to progress your career. They would advertise jobs externally whilst not allowing internal employees to apply. Internal job vacancies would come up very rarely. They did not encourage people to move between departments. Senior management were not great and rules were implemented with little thought about how it would effect the workers.. Hard to move up in the company , too salesy. Impossible to get pay rise even with internal promotion. Going through high levels of transformation. The equipment such as PCs used is old.. Salary  is not good. Cost cutting, little to no opportunities to progress under current management. very hard to move up scales , not getting paid for job your doing. Micro management and a lack of empowerment.. Pay is low
No progression possible except for select few
No scope for promotion within your own role
Performance based pay increase is a joke. under staffed, pay is bad. Antiquated IT estate holding them back. Low pay, huge work volume, lack of recognition and possibilities to progres, which are mainly built on friendships. Limited salary negotiation for existing employees. not enough staff and low pay. - Very backwards and dated methods of working.
- Bristol office is terribly outdated.
- No focus on innovation. 
- Limited career opportunities. 
- Management culture from the 1990's. 
- UK plc lacks a vision and is in steady decline. 
- Engagement score in the low 50's   
- Horrandusly inconsistent management means, if unfortunate, you'll be subjected to micromanagement, bullying and public humiliation.
- Many people have been stuck in the same job for a decade or more and offload their frustration on new joiners.. Where to start...I struggled a lot with this job due to the abuse and aggressiveness that the customer showed employees over the phone. It would not be uncommon for employees to leave the office in floods of tears. Tedious tiring work with strict adherence. Everything you do is monitored including your bathroom breaks. There is a negative attitude in the air of “us against the customers” which makes it hard to stay positive in an environment like that. The abuse and really difficult conversations I was expected to have with such a lack of support was one of many reasons as to why I left. You’re expected to deal with irate customers day in day out and at the end of it all you’re really just a strange form of counselor for the customer. There is also a lack of promotion and unless you’re in the popular clique they won’t look at you twice.. It's a lottery as to whether you will fit in as there is little cultural consistency across teams. If you're unlucky you may end up being micromanage and even bullied.. Racial and gender discrimination at IT Cabinteely. The promotion process is not transparent at all. Very depressing. Lots of gossiping and politics. No career progression. The starting salary is too low. less chances to grow higher in hierarchy. Management do not have a good line of communication. Salary is only okay for the mental torture/abuse you have to indure. No opportunity to work over time or move up in the company. poor management, not alot of opportunity to move up.. Some shift work is necessary. Not many pay increases and no bonuses throughout my time with the company.. Lack of promotion opportunities, technology needs updating. Banking environments can be quietly hostile and IT infrastructure leaves alot to be desired.. No growth for the mid senior level. High consistent performance expected. Not for the light hearted.. Slow career progression not based on performance. A lot of the interesting work is out sourced. Retail Banking can be quite stressful. No progression, no recognition, really bad. Work can get monotonous as it's the same work month after month with little variation. Location in Cabinteely difficult to get to from North Dublin City (via M50)
Fragmented organisations going in seemingly different directions
Skill sets are siloed and difficult to access. Career progression needs to be looked at. The management is not so helpful. Motivation issues at some desks. Long walk from train station. Slow to progress, a lot of bureaucracy and politics.

Direction from above was not always right and value of employees not felt.. A lot of over time. Mindless, boring, not busy at all. Often spent the day doing nothing and trying to look busy.. Shift work 
Long hours 
Hard to progress 
Phone calls always 
Tough. The team was moved to the Cabinteely offices, avoid this location if possible, due to the move the best and most experienced team members left, the atmosphere here was very negative and I found the management embraced this negativity. I was appalled when the supervisors and senior management left early to celebrate an Amber rating during a regulatory review, which demonstrated a lack of ambition from the company, I found this attitude was reflected around many of the Cabinteely teams. Finally there is very little prospect of promotion, it was very much a culture of who you know as opposed to what you know. High emphasis on pushing sales. The Bank is slowly going down the drain, cost cutting has completely sucked the joy out of working here. All decent staff have left or are actively looking to leave. Outdated systems, processes & takes too long to get anything done. Nothing bad about working here. too much Accenture attitude there, this a sanctuary to finish your career!. - Lot of third party vendors involved into IT. It makes the system little bureaucratic. 
- No healthcare.. Cost agenda, limited promotion prospects/pay rises. Going through period of cost cutting and transformation. Working Mon to Fri 9 to 5. Old fashioned senior management stuck in their ways. I did not experience any while working there. Progression, treated like children, lack of reward/additional responsibility. Mismanagement, liable to be moved around, poor progression depending on your area. The pay is awful for the work. 24/7 365 schedule and shift work. Management are running scared trying to keep their jobs rather than standing up for what is right. Technology could be improved
Business Processes can be needlessly complex. Individual teams have great team spirit. Restricted Annual Leave. Unpaid overtime. Career opportunities are low.  J. There are no cons that stand out in this job. Very little opportunity for promotion. 4 years on a graduate salary when qualified as a chartered accountant after 3 years. No other company tries to pay fully qualified chartered accountants as if they were still new graduates. Will keep losing good people. Staff turnover, traffic city centre location. bad  and out of date data systems in the bank. Still an old banking culture even though the company is trying to move away and put effort in it.. Large Company sometimes hard to get this over the line/Political. Big differences between how branch and. Poor benefits packages offered to staff.. Poor IT support for staff. Fixed remuneration. Salary not great and no room for progression. Poor pay, extreme lack of management and clarity. The hours and shift times aren't great. You're told you work 1 week of lates every 6 weeks, but I had 2x11-7 1x12-8 and 1x2-10 in the space of 6 weeks, so 4 latesin the space of 6 weeks. 
Also, the job itself is awful because people only call when they've a problem and 9/10 times it's 'your fault'. It's not a job you could stick at (mentally) for more than  1-1.5year. You should do your stint and then progress in the business. Workload might not reflect qualifications. Micro management , terrible salaries. Management not involved greatly day to day. Political - hard to get things done efficiently. Politics are prevalent and difficult. Underpaid relative to other banks. Poor IT infrastructure as a result of past underinvestment,  Old technology.. No performance bonus as part of the benefits. Poor salaries. Lack of internal promotion. Sexist. Lack of diversity and cross training. No foresight regarding staff development. Far too many Roosting middles comfortable but with no structure - top salaried yet mid level people holding up budgets to tackle recruitment. There is no definitive plan, scattered management heavy with tasks - but no clear stated goal. Management heavy Vs worker bees. Creation of new Roosting teams to tackle unknown objectives, pulling worker bees further into confusion. A LOT of pressure and frustration on the bottom rung due to the subsequent outflow of staff. Disappointing and frustrating having to fight for recognition and support to do daily workload. No support or training for individuals or management to tackle almost rampant bullying by both management and
staff, which is an accepted part of working with Bank of Ireland. Lack of diversity with other cultures and people with disabilities.. Absolutely diabolical management hierarchical siloed based behaviours lip service and very incapable middle management with severe fixed mindsets defensive destructive behaviours. The company still needs to catch-up regarding data infrastructure. Lot of middle management sylos. salary low for the amount of work load. Hard to move around divisions. Little to no flexibility provided in most areas.. Shocking HR decisions . Treatment of long serving staff. Very poor moral, cost income ratio only priority for bank meaning customers and staff only numbers. Hmmmmm bad management in some areas. Too much dead weight. No room for growth in the US. Annual Leave hard to arrange
Extremely Busy
Maasive drive to get rid of customers from the branch and on the phones. Promotions are awarded based on friendship with management, not on merit.
A lot of good people left recently and are still leaving - this has been raised at a leadership call this year, and nothing is being done.
The company pays lip service to "agile working" but it's nonsensical and processes are still very much last century. 
You get ahead by writing papers and presentations and not by delivering projects and/or achieving results.  
Incredibly political, slow moving and ineffective business.. Progression seemed based on relationships with the powers that be. Pay is a good bit below market rate.  There is an emphasis on culture change but nothing has changed yet as their main focus is cost cutting with people leaving and  not being replaced. People don't feel valued.. Pay overall is low, low chance of bonuses. Too many department and team restructures.. Work goals not clear
Some departments lack a social element. Terrible atmosphere, terrible systems, terrible management team. new hires are better compensated than longer serving ones
progression is difficult. Some many changes that were not in the interest of the customer and front line staff bore the brunt of this daily.. Poor direction from management. No real support or training. Its not a company that values there staff. The teams are very clicky. Progression is based on a “if you’re face fits bases”. - Old fashioned approaches
- very top-heavy in relation to management
- salary is not competative
- IT systems are inefficient and outdated
- currently downsizing. Treatment of staff during organisational restructure can be very poor.. No incentive for job tasks. No cons to comment on,. So many changes going on, I was working at manager level and they are looking to reduce costs and people at my level were targeted. small pay increases 
Didn't change hours. Working hours with emails coming in right through evening and late into the night.. Pay could be better
Can be difficult to progress in the organisation
Lots of change causing uncertainty; communication can be poor & could be managed better. Incredibly poor working culture. 

Management do not care about their staff nor do they pretend to. 

Severe lack of communication with staff. It was very much of a “push the blame” attitude. 

No one to take accountability or to assist in resolving issues. 

Antiquated systems which were not fit for purpose. 

No room for progression. Too much process and everything takes too long, too much outsourcing leading to lack of trust within teams and outsourcing partners milking the T&M nature of the contract, hiding behind process and supported in that by nervous service delivery hacks who want never to improve service, just to recude change related incidents.. morale low after recession, a lot of negativity , stress. Can be bureaucratic
Complex organisation structure
No variable compensation. Too many unnecessary hierarchical processes. To install a software, 3 levels of clearance required.. Slow moving and hampered by lack of capability. Lack of feedback from Team Leaders, lack of initial training. A very good employer no real cons. Not as agile as new competitors. Cannot think of anything really. Political, bureaucrats, resulting in inability to put ideas into action. No social Culture whatsoever. Very little care and attention given to employees from the start, feels like a cold organisation to work for, possibly normal for a bank 20 or 30 years ago but not anymore. Salary has not moved in line with industry norm. Communication poor given the size.. There is such Cons for this Organisation. Not enough staff for workload. Not most progressive, currently downsizing. Not great money compared to elsewhere but good money. Slow to change, old practices but seems to improving. Very micro managed. Senior management sometimes hard to deal with. Some people did not pull their weight. Pay was quite low compared to market average. Progression slow (Hard to increase your salary).. Difficult to deal with HR, always delays with everything, leadership should receive more management training. No progression, pay isn't good. Top heavy with Senior Management. Everything: the payment, the senior management, the culture...EVERYTHING!. The staff in the current account/credit cards area are under supported by the company in that all the resources go to the mortgages element of the business. Also the team leaders need some form of training to learn to be more human and actually caring. They like to think they are but you can see it’s all done because it’s the procedure not because they truly care.. A lot of very incompetent people who like to hide the fact that they don't know what they are doing by micro-managing on an epic scale.. Too much uncertainty at the minute with organizational changes. Listen too much to senior staff and not to junior staff. Micro management bad - no respect, asked where are u going when going to the bathroom. Long hours at peak times!. The team that I worked in was miserable, everybody was constantly stressed and taking it out on each other.
I was new to the role and offered no support and was shot down when I asked questions. * route to senior management blocked 
* pay increases non existent 
* newer staff don't get the perks like existing staff ( i.e health insurance ). Below average salary and zero benefits. not enough opportunity to progress. There is no accountability at any level, mainly from execs (c-suite level ) to 3 levels down.
Managers (at 'Head of' level) do not make decisions quickly and do not accept they made mistakes even if that's the case - very Trump-like behaviour. Teams cannot deliver projects/work in this environment.
HR has done an extremely poor job recruiting and retaining talent, bright people are leaving every week. They do not address poor behaviour from management.
The concept of diversity and inclusion exists only on paper so would not recommend to anyone looking for this type of environment.
Clique-behaviour is rampant so things get done based on what's good for people and not on what's good for the Bank...
Management is complacent, riding economic cycles and not innovating. 
Because of the above reasons and many more I would not recommend the Bank to any driven-professional based in London.. Poor systems. Below average wage. Uncompetitive rates, too many restrictions and low pay for the industry.. Very understaffed. No replacement of staff that have left which durastically increases workload for the rest of the employees. Emoloyees working a lot of overtime due to lack of staff, high workload creates tension which creates an uncomfortable working environment. 
Lots of office moves.
Lack of social events and team bonding events.. Shocking staffing levels in all branches. This leads to staff being unable to serve customers to the level you would like. Management bring out deadlines /targets etc for sales and customer services rankings etc but are totally unacheiveable with the tools we have. 
Impossible to get a day off unless you have it booked months in advance. Even at that you probably won't get the time you want. 
Management have no idea of the implications of their ivory tower decisions on the ground staff. 
Most back up teams within the bank that you will deal with are inefficient (probably due to reasons like above) which leads to irate customers taking their anger out on you! 
Unpaid overtime.  35 hours per week is false!! 
Starting salary is a joke. 
Poor progression visible. No overtime
Only recently introduced performance incentives. Very conservative in attitudes and behaviours. Hierarchical, slow to move to flexible working. Hierarchy management that needs to be updated.
Salary increases for lower level staff.. A little bit working pressure from customers. Management are cliquey and don't listen. Understaffed and looking to get rid of more staff. A lot of cronyism.. Pressure to answer at least 60 calls per day in a 5 hohr shift. Unrealistic.. Staffing levels are too low to give a proper service.
Training does not prepare you for the job. I rarely write any kind of reviews but the bad experience I'd there must be documented. BOI is supposed to shift all their analytics on shore but with incompetent management no leadership, no technology infrastructure, legacy systems and mindset with authoritarian management style and cooking reports to cover themselves.
if you are young and techie avoid this place and you better off work in technology company. Lack of career development. It's easy to get stuck in a rut.. Change is very slow
Purpose of the team and delegation of work was not strictly clear leading to some confusion
Culture is corporate (as expected at a Bank) but I think this is changing
Too much bureaucracy. none that I can think of. Too much time management, bad reward system, no job satisfaction. managers talk to you like something they stepped in. Face fits all well and good if not do not bother. New manager qualified in January thinks running the country not a few people.  Has favourites talks to them whilst hovering at their desks. yet the remaining staff are supposed to work without speaking. Managers arrive late or off on sick that is fine. God forbid a member of staff to do the same. Give 100% performance which is above targets and yet they still bay for blood. nothing is ever good enough. 
25 years service you get a bonus -- however 6 months of arguing until someone gives you the bonus.
constantly harassing even though monthly targets are good -- always find something to complain about. 
staff on sick leave due to stress very common -- managers need to be trained on people management. If your face fits you are fine if not beware.
NO personal calls unless you are management
Mobiles not allowed on desks unless you are management.. Lack of effective senior leadership and control. Salaries are towards the lower end of the market. IT systems are totally antiquated and inefficient. Change is slow and the company will never try something unless the rest of the market has proven it already.. Very long programme with pay below par. fast pace
work hard and not much of a break. Cutting costs and poor investment into firm.. Zero loyalty to their employees.. lack of training 
stressful. I worked 2 year in BOI and the company I started in and the one I left are two completely different things.
- Where as before at  an entry level there was a path to progress, now you have to grease the right palms and hope that you get a chance at advancement after you have stepped over all of your "colleagues" in the process. 
- Where as previously everyone in the building helped out in all aspects of running the business, management have instituted a sales vs service mentality, us vs them. It hurts staff and customer alike and in some places is utterly toxic.
- The exodus of staff from branches to rivals, myself included, has only worsened the previous two points and has left those still there, be it because they are holding on to a cushy pension or because someone else hasn't hired them yet, are stretched far beyond capacity and frequently work through breaks and are forced to do daily overtime. A day off is something you have to beg and plead for, often to no avail, to the point that a half day to attend a funeral, true story, is a none runner.
- Behind it all, management are willfully ignorant of the issues facing staff. Having daily conference calls, patting each other on the back at the "great job" they are doing while all around them their staff are overworked and on the cusp of breakdown.. No opportunities for career progression, particularly for staff at junior levels. Very top heavy organisation.
Lack of investment in internal IT systems.. Major cost cutting in progress, people leaving for other banks in droves and not being replaced, so fewer staff to do more work and anyone that is replaced the new joiner is on a lower pay grade than the person that they have replaced. Employee morale extremely low .  No benefits and any perks that were there are gone. Terrible IT systems. Terrible canteen facilities. Bad management who couldn't actually manage. Bullying. Rampant within staff as management  incapable and not trained to detect it and take action. 
Management bullying rampant as HR incapable of addressing it. 
IT systems dated, lack of staff training, impossible sales targets. Sales vs Customer needs ethos. Stress and frustration taking toll on many. 
Misogyny.
Career opportunities are better if you are friends with manager however - people are mostly  moved to higher positions with no internal advert/ interviews held.

Despite our new female CEO - women have to work a lot harder to be considered for promotion. 
hopefully this will change over time with a new ethos, disruption of the Old boy network and a fresh approach .. Lack of vision for modern banking practices, IT investment needed, banking app not viewed as very important when in reality it is vital for customer satisfaction. False promises about pay increases.

There is no career path starting at branch level anymore.  In the past there was a clear path up the ladder.

Staffing issues - letting excellent staff leave to rivals, new staff entering branches and being put on the floor with someone only starting a week before them,  no holiday cover due to lack of staff.

Holidays - I've seen scenarios where people had to beg to get a day off. Most staff carried over 7+ days last year due to this. 

A branch isn't a branch any more. It is segregated into sales vs. service causing a divide amongst responsibilities. In the past, it was a all hands on deck approach.

Stress levels in branches is at an all time high and extremely unhealthy level due to lack of staffing and the general daily workload.

No clear communication between Direct and Branches causing an us vs. them approach.

Upper management ignoring all of the above.. Loads.  No staff progression unless your in the ‘club’ terrible processes and completely lacking professionalism.. No bonus or over time pays. Poor line management, lack of progression. Still siloed
Very political
Old Vs New bank friction. The Bank seems to be more focused on new lending depts 
Salaries are not particularly competitive given the importance of the role/level of audits. Constant change to practices very tough on staff and customers. Too many legacy IT systems require multiple updates for a single transaction. Too much checking and rechecking or work as a result.. Not much room for progression 
No time given towards training. Traditional bank which requires more investment in IT in order to compete with disruptive competitors. Senior Management in the Team makes it quite an uncomfortable place to work. Line managers are put under unnecessary pressure which causes them to do the same. Altogether it has a very poor working environment, which is all cultivated from the top down.. Senior management and execs are so out of touch with reality. They constantly emphasise a customer centric culture and that they value staff but couldn't be further from the truth. Their mission is to cut costs left right and centre having no consideration for staff or customers and they don't even realise that this is affecting revenue. They now have hardly no staff to serve areas and don't realise that staff are so bogged down with work they can't be proactive with generating new business. 1 staff memeber to serve all business and premier business for 4 branches! - how can this be an efficient model?  Also shocking salary with no room to progress, no increases, no salary scale, more and more roles being made extinct. Staff morale very low . Senior management goals are to have all customers using online and self service for everything, close branches and then sit there on 6 figure salaries being satisfied that they have reduced costs.. Not much room for movement
Salary ceiling too low
Poor managing of staff 
Poor organisation skills. It’s hard work, you must be prepared to be challenged And be able to cope with lots of change.. I work in IT in Bank of Ireland and I would not recommend it. The bank are overly reliant on outsourcing and consulting contracts for IT operations and project management. There is little oversight of what these 3rd parties are doing or whether they are providing value. The result is a secretive, inefficient and frankly depressing working environment where it is difficult to get anything done. I believe working here engenders cynicism in people who genuinely enjoy working in IT.. Slow-moving bank processes compared to market. The work given is not challenging enough. Most graduates are stuck doing basic admin work while holding a "fancy title". HR is very unresponsive and management don't follow up. You will be stuck days without anything to do.. Culture, no discouragement for poor performers (many people turning up day after day waiting for their pension), no value put on internal experience. Management appears based on high school popularity contest with zero business management ability. you won't progress from entry level, only above entry level progress. Slow career progression, top heavy. Middle management is not sufficiently monitored. Managers sitting doing little or nothing all day, openly while teams are understaffed with high Volumes of work. Review grades are dependent on how much your manager likes you instead of how good a job you are doing.  Middle management is allowed to apply its own rules irrespective of open and flexible policies in the unit overall.. Overtime at branch level not paid when it is often required. Branch often short staffed. Slow to fill positions when someone leaves.. Pay restrictions make salary less competitive. Massive segregation between different departments, snobbery from higher departments and managers, break times/ roster very poor, computer systems very outdated, technical issues on computers commonplace, little support provided when you get a bad call and you're upset, senior managers don't make any effort to get to know you or ask how you're doing. Tough at tones, change slower than I would like. If you were employed within the last 12 year. You would have had limit increments. There is also min progression available. Could be more flexible working opportunities. Work was extremely repetitive with little motivation... especially with salary. Out of date systems, need updating. Not much career progression. Lack of performance incentives, new employees not on same pay scale as ones that were there pre crash, lack of opportunity to move up due to the lack of churn at senior levels, IT is deplorable, influenced too much by what the group instructs, career reward framework is embarrassingly bad.. Poor management structures - poor IT systems - promotion streams overly complicated - middle management very inefficient - generally extremely boring.. Direction is weak and lacking across clarity in terms of future position where it’s vital a digital organisation is enabled.. Bullying, intimidation, pays lip service to its various conduct codes. Will alter internal records to suit its own purposes.    If you question practices or wrongdoing expect 'game over', more bullying etc. endorsed at senior level.  Not for the feint hearted.. Constant down-sizing threatens jobs and creates feeling of insecurity. poor progression or willingness to change. Obvious cliques. 
Non-diverse workforce.
London office colleagues don't live the values. 
Little social interaction. 
Non-inclusive culture. 
Often felt like an outsider. 
No room for progression as people stay forever. 
Wellbeing programme doesn't work everywhere. 
Dull and dark London office - not conducive to creativity.
Micro management.. It is a very challenging company which is both a positive and negative, challenging in term of opportunities to work on their business challenges, but the organisation is somewhat disjointed which can be a little frustrating.. Very weak/poor head of business and management team with genuine lack of basic leadership competence.. The above can be dependent on what department you work in and who your manager is. No support from management and asking questions was discouraged in case it made you look stupid which led to stupid mistakes being made.. Salary is below average by some distance. Confined to office and lack of flexibility. Need to see more women progress through the ranks. Based in Dublin , tough commute from Athlone. Too much experience resources outsourced. Micro management and a lack of resources. undergoing massive change and uncertainty. Culture: 
- managers are given allocated parking and offices. A nice perk, but symbolic of its culture and modern companies arent like this. Its 2017 and most places are open plan and value equality. 
- all information has to be passed through a manager, reprimands for talking directly to each other (you have to work there to realise what this means) 
- often called to meetings over human traits. Its overbearing. 
- poor pay for the job it is. 
- judged and assessed on personalities rather than performance and capability. Sadly, they think they are being 'tactical' but the result is to lose the wrong people.
The list goes on!. Depending on the area you work they may be lack of training and career progression.. Outdated IT systems offer poor customer service. Lots of downsides. No bonuses. Poor culture.   Bank is on the decline. No meaningful investment in years. Products are poor.  Poor relationship with distribution partners. Endless tensions within management.. There was little room for progression. Organisational change can be hard in traditional organisations. The traditional culture needs to transform to embrace disruption and match Fintech challenge. No progression, Bad management (try to bully you), no interest in employee needs, no incentive or any type of rewards for employees.
BOI do not want people who have been with the company a long time, would rather recruit people on huge salaries for less work. there were days where I worked for 20 minutes, and the manager was considering hiring more people in the team.. Not sure about  progression within the company.  Seems to be high employee turnover.. - Short staff
- Limited opportunities to progress 
- Stay away from branch banking 
- No support from top level. Risk adverse, lack of tools. Management of under performance is an issue.  Lots of staff on big salaries who are at a grade they shouldn't be are undermining what could be a great company to work for.. mico managed, big staff turnover, leaving the remaining staff over worked.. Not good atmosphere in retail banking with the number of staff reduced and excessive workload for the remaining.
No salary increases to differentiate cashier pay and adviser pay as both classed as Band 1. Expected to take on responsibilities for cluster not just the branch without any pay benefits. They recruit other staff to same role on much higher salary (+10k). 
Empty promises when discussions with management for progression expected to act new roles and then when timeframe finished told roles doesn't exist or no opportunities available.. Can be transferred at any time.. From my own experience there was not much that was that bad. I was allowed interact with so many parts of the company over a short space of time.. No development opportunities, no bonus, low salary compared to industry, most management work 3 days and spend the other two in Belfast, Dublin or Bristol. Development opportunities are not available to all employees only to some. It's hard to move up as an executive assistant. bad money and no chance of promotion.. Abysmal training
Low Morale
No consideration for employee's feeling
No one takes responsibility 
Lies from Management
Bullying
Rubbish contracts
Dismissal for trivial reasons
Thrown from one department to another
Back stabbing nature. Too much micromanagement, stifles productivity. very bureaucratic, poor infrastructure, siloed thinking. There is a general lack of urgency for change.  
Middle management can often be badly trained and tend to lack the core skills for the management of the staff reporting to them.  
Pay rises and pay in general has been stagnant since 2008 and whilst the bank's financials have improved somewhat, pay rises are drip fed at a lowly 2 or 3 % a year if you are lucky.. I had the misfortune of reporting directly to a  person of questionable integrity and it became impossible for me to remain working there, despite the fact that I was making progress and forming good working relationships elsewhere in the company.  Upline management were unsupportive, HR sympathetic but ineffective. It didn't surprise me to learn that she had left the company shortly afterwards.  A damaging experience at the time but what doesn't kill you etc.... No progression and lack of variety in work load.. Cant think of any at time.. Poor management . Very disappointed in how HR deal with their branch retail staff. 
Not respected by people in Dublin making decisions that effect staff in Northern Ireland.. Fairly boring and monotone job with a lot of call centre type phone cover work and not everyone works equally hard.. So much red tape to get something simple done. Teams that need to work together are always pulling against each other. A blame culture when things don't get done instead of acting as a team, creating a horrible environment to have to face every day. No team spirit.

 Lack of clarity on what your role is, many have been misled by job descriptions and interview promises, only to end up in non value add roles with fancy job titles.

Poor IT systems and MI systems - most of Finance time is wasted creating reports that could easily be automated.. Can feel a bit beuracratic at times and like all Banking organisations struggles to generate opportunities for people as the balance sheet has been shrinking.. red tape in everything
no option for paid overtime even though you always get held back. Some office locations are very far away in some instances.. Can be a lot of red tape for even simple changes. Everything has its own procedure. Limited opportunities for progression in branch network. Very much sales orientated. Pay isn't great.. Line management to improve; salaries not competive if staying longer than 3 years. Growth Opportunities peter out as you climb the ladder. Lots of people in higher paid areas look down on you. career progression can be slow. Technology ten years old
Lack of structured career development
Unnecessarily hierarchical - senior execs very rarely seen on the office floor. Very tough place to work during the economic downturn. Lack of pay reviews, difficult to move up within a band, only small incremental pay increases. Staff can be expected to take on additional responsibilities but with no change in salary.. Bulling and harrassment by managers and the bank is aware of issue but do nothing about it. High turnover of staff. Staff off with stress normal. Managers are not qualified, lack proper training & promoted by buddy status. They do not care about work life balance. 6 month and end of year reviews used as a punishment tool and give those who they like pay rises. Staff are too scared to report bulling and in some cases will participate/encouraged to participate in the bulling even though they know it is wrong. They claim to have a bulling policy but they do not enforce. It's for show to appease regulators. Coming in early and going beyond what is required not recognised. You see jobs to apply for but reality is they prefer to recruit externally so not really a chance to move to other departments. 

  - not a good place to work. If you don't want to ruin your CV , don't work here as you will be leaving less of a person than you started. I was in a customer facing role and customers really like to argue with bank staff. not for the feint of heart. not much room for lateral movement (i had a hr degree). all staff will probably soon be moved to call centres. Some branches very disorganised. Good staff not kept due to contracts not being available. Dreadful ancient buildings! Not multicultural ,lack of divergent points of view and lack of innovation at work which although it was hugely talked about, it was neither welcomed nor encouraged in practice, somewhat stifled culture, some very big egos...let's not forget this is a bank over a hundred years old and that in spite of the recent financial meltdown they never changed the guy at the top!. Lack of progresssion - only able to progress if your are 'friends' with management 
Low salary and this is not reviewed in line with increased responsibilities 
Harassment is dismissed 
Not flexible with hours unless you have a children in which case they have to be 
Unconfortable working environment at time and management do not seem to do much to improve it. - Not many I can think of.. not many to be honest. the whole experience was great. love to go back some day. There are high expectations, and it is very hierarchical. Needs to be more interesting place to work.. typical Irish company and need more open to be international. Career progression for highly ambitious employees is slow. Monotonous work, no potential to advance in the bank. Some managers / employees driven by their own political agenda, which can impact atmosphere / moral amongst teams.. Very sales focused &I sometimes pressurised. No room for progression in certain departments. Management lacks confident vision of what it wants to achieve.. No internal job opportunities. 
Poor organisation. 
Quite a high blame culture. 
Uninspiring managers.. Some roles are simply admin, despite programme being sold as being heavy on personal development. Poor communication in lots of senses.. Strictly 9-5 not very flexible with changes to this. A lot of the internal roles are already filled so frustrating when you apply for other roles (internally). Very little I have to say negatively,  perhaps tough to work up the ladder. I was surrounded by highly capable people not progressing. The business is very risk adverse and could make itself a bigger name. Salary and pension is good but limited other benefits.. It seems that a lot of internal mid level and managerial positions are being  filled by external candidates, hence over looking or at times loosing long term experience within the Branches.. Culture and at times challenges with decision making process.. - Limited Career Progression in some areas/ roles. Minimal training given for the position.
Branch manager had no understanding of the role of Branch Assistant.
Branch consistently short-staffed and as a result, we were often made stay until 6.30 to finish up for the day (balancing, etc) and we were not paid for the additional hours.
Despite short-staffing and pressure on cashier desk, branch manager insisted on one of the Branch Assistant's always being on the floor, where very little meaningful work was done.. Technology can be dated in some places. Some roles have quite varied shifts that involve weekend and late night working, these might not be to everyone's taste.. Too much of a focus on statistics, call handling times, adherence etc.Management focus too much on this.  Wages are very low.. Lack of opportunities to develop career. Static wage structure. Training of staff in new positions within the branch is not always that good. IT hardware is about 15 years out of date and group wide internet connection goes down several times a week on average, affecting applications. 
Most staff using Windows Vista or older, Office 2007 or 2010. Some proprietary software is from the 90s.
Have stopped paying educational bursaries to staff, which is a big concern for new grads.
No bonuses since 2011.
Salaries more or less moving up in tiny increments.
Plenty of promotions for senior people, very few for anyone under 35.
Widespread sexist, racist and homophobic dialogue in the office.
Haemorrhaging junior staff who are fed up with lack of progression.. salary could have been better. The work I was doing was very monotonous. I also found the Environment a bit cliquey.. Felt 'the click' got the better assignments. Employees taken for granted and loyalty is not rewarded.
A lot of the Senior Management Team have poor people management skills and are EGO driven (be very aware), they will put significant pressure on their reports.
People are expected to "Act" in roles that should be promotions for no extra benefits and of course a refusal is career sabotage. Often the Acting managers have to re-interview for these roles.
Not willing to invest in critical technology and training for certain parts of the organisation and wasteful in spend in other parts.. Business is going through massive change, the role is constantly evolving and to some extent being down graded. Move toward technology and away from face to face business. Can be a bit disjointed between the finance team and the core business. The organisation chart and understanding of the structure can be difficult to understand.. Abysmal head of level managers and overly ambitious department leaders. Short term tactical focus with limited willingness to change. Long term strategy is largely poorly thought out and typically only skin deep. Difficult/impossible partner model through Post Office. Next to no opportunity for development or career progression. High staff turnover.. No real career growth in the company.
Management wasnt the best.
Salary.. Better transition of individual development from paper to practice.. technology is very outdated, it takes awhile to get going, luckily our supervisor set us up prior while some other interns supervisor did not.. Outdated technology and processes - surprisingly slow. The IT Department (GTaC) are notorious for being unhelpful, slow and expensive. there is no real top down control and it is extremely silo'd in its structure.. some changes of location strongly impacted existing staff. still struggling to manage outsourcing;  variable compensation due to different pay structures which means that there is a middle band of employees on poor terms and conditions. tend to poach staff  from the outsource partner...thereby limiting promotions from within the bank. Currently down sizing and closing branches. Staff numbers decreasing with limited positions elsewhere. Options limited.. Under-worked. Under-utilised. Lack of responsibility.. Management was often inattentive and set few deadlines for projects. It was hard to access information for research and analysis due to siloing of information. Bosses were often not present and it was difficult to find information and clarification for tasks at times. The amount of time to set up new employees with internet access was appalling- it took me and other new workers at the office almost a full week to get it.. Worked at Bank of Ireland Life, the Managers running it are dire, point their fingers rather than think outside the box totally useless. Large organisation and you can end up being pushed to the side and missing out on promotions etc. if you're not cute enough. No prospects of future promotion. Its a sales orientated business. Lead gen and up selling where possible. (May not suit some)
As growing technology progresses the banks are being substituted for online transactions. 
10 years time there may be no need for cashier services. Machines and tech to prevail.
Growing digital focus - Again may not suit some. No real opportunity to progress, lack of training opportunities.. A real compliance environment where you must just do what you are told. They don't appreciate anyone who has ideas of their own (regardless of what they constantly say now they want in terms of people with different ideas). In my area, we were constantly under resourced but they did not want to know. Within our team, the way we were treated and saw other teams treated was far short of any decent standard of management behaviour. A very tough, aggressive place and one that needs to completely change.. working sundays and 2pm-10pm shift. All ways understaffed. Attitude to customers not great a times. Think very carefully before joining at a mid or senior level. This is a small bank that thinks small. It lacks opportunity for promotion. Good hires tend to leave after 2-3 years (often much less and often disillusioned). UK business partners are not going to give a compelling career jump that a larger bank should provide. Works manly with the post office, a state owned rudderless outfit won't look good compared on a CV even if you think the jobs look good.. no negative point are there in the bank of ireland. Bonus sometimes based on communication skills with manager but otherwise fair,. Relentless sales pressure
Branches chronically understaffed
Archaic systems which are not robust
No reward for hard work and superior performance 
Expectation of unpaid overtime due to staff shortages
Compulsory Saturday attendance at short notice
Company wasting money on pr related events and projects instead of listening to staff and providing funding to address the problems on the ground in a sustainable manner 
Top line management don't follow through on promises
Very little opportunity for career progression
Lack of proper medium term planning
Staff are powerless when trying to apologise to dissatisfied customers
Staff are frequently expected to take over 'acting management' roles with a title but huge additional pressures and no increase in salary...this is the bank's idea of reward.
Underperformance is frequently not addressed.. Technology issues could be improved still seems a lot of things done very old fashioned and tasks that should be quick and easy can be quite slow and cumbersome. 
Salary poor compared to other companies/industries. No bonuses. Ireland and Uk only business as USA very limited.. Sometimes decisions are politically driven, can't think of any thing else but had to write 20 words for app so here you have it. If you don't work in APA/QFA roles, then support for further education is limited. There is access to extensive in house learning, but limited access to accredited courses.. Management positions filled by long existing employee's and not  necessarily have the people leadership skills. Some are good, some are poor
Annual  Pay progression is little to none
Promotion opportunity is difficult in certain are's of the bank
IT systems are outdated. Some areas do work shifts till 10pm.as a bank it is very regulated. Parking in town is not easy. Bit other than this I can not think of any other problems.. Atrocious IT ( not fit for purpose )
A lot of long service and culture of promoting within based on service, give rise to mediocre to poor middle mgt in a lot of cases ( not willing to be accountable)
A sense of entitlement and bullying culture in some quarters (inward)
Unless you came in at a specialist or senior grad before the bust, lot of staff on below market rate of pay, poor terms and conditions
Very disjointed processes and a lack of alignment.... No salary increase or bonuses for staff for 6 years due to financial crisis (CEO and board of directors got their bonuses though). No chances for any kind of promotion. Unprofessional team leaders and line managers. Many of them make career because of their connections not by qualificaions they have. Unrealistic targets and stressful environment. I got big thank you and acknowledgement of my skills and hard work when I was leaving but never when I was working there (even when I had good results and thanks from customers).. Some weak middle management appointees.
This is an issue where there is significant reporting numbers, as it will cost the company good staff.. They aim to promote people with as little financial benefit as possible, sometimes they offer nothing but the title!  

Branch staff used to be on decent to good wages, this has changed dramatically.

They're relentless in their pursuit of their micro-management sales ethos. 

They've completely forgotten the importance of treating staff and customers with respect and care.

Unfortunately, what used to be a great place to work the bank has become an unpleasant organisation for many staff and customers alike.. Backwards in terms of how they do things. Not really much other bad things to say. Overall a good employer. The atmosphere in Bank of Ireland has really deteriorated in the last year. Staff turn over has been awful lately with expectations increasing all the time without people being replaced.
Bank of Ireland look for part qualified accountants and fail to support their staff with time off for study leave or pay for tuition. The pay grades that have come in recently have encouraged more people to leave and after year end watch this space there will be a mass exodus.... Also the bank tend to reward new entrants with better pay than people who have been doing the job a while.. There really is no encouragement or motivation left in people and it has hit an alltime low.. Given the nature of the project, bigger and bigger targets were introduced leading to glaring inefficiencies in the project. This was pointed out at several meetings but unfortunately it was a numbers game in the end.. Poor salaries for permanent staff, no standardised recruitment approach (could have a series of interviews for some jobs, one for others), bureaucracy, poor quality outsourced services, branch staff very overworked, sales-oriented. Horrible working environment, rife with incompetent senior managers.. The internal structure was extremely restricting. Some teams often had very little interaction with other teams so the culture was often very different from team to team. I developed strong friendships on one team whereas on another, it was very cliquey. 

I also found the internal recruitment process to be unfair. An application of mine was rejected because my senior manager didn't want to undergo the recruitment process to replace me. (This was confirmed to me by another senior manager).. Where to start... obsessed cost-cutting culture. Everything is run on the cheap as possible. Total disorganisation at every level in the bank. Customer service non-existent. Cornercutting on service, compliance and risk pervasive. IT is in the stone age, creeking and run by India. Outsourcing functions causing more work and costing more money. Increasing micromanagement. Political culture institutionalized at all levels. Majority of management are underhand and have no people skills. Career progression is limited. Promotions and secret salary increases regularly given to friends and relatives of management. Best workers applying for voluntary redundancy. Ridiculous new salary structure introduced with the agreement of the union eliminating scales, increments and limiting future pay increases providing no incentive to performing staff. Two-tier workforce with recent entrants on entry level salaries doing more skilled and responsible work than many staff with 20+ years service on double the salary. Contact staff under constant threat of the axe as obtaining permanency is a lottery. Ageing bank with degree educated young staff driven out due to endless short term contracts and better salaries/prospects/cultures elsewhere. Declining morale throughout the bank.. Management happy for people to sit there and go no where, no progression, and salary is bad compared to other Bank's.. Poor pay and poor opportunities for growth. Hiring too many intelligent people who are good at the job and getting rid of them after their contracts end. A lot of staff members looking for redundancy packages and to get out of the Bank.. Pay is low in comparison to other similar positions and little chance of progress within the company with little reward. Sometimes decision making was slow due to internal regulations (which after 2008 is understandable). poor and outdated IT Systems. Your progression can be stunted if you make the wrong impression. You will be promised progression under certain conditions but then the goal posts can be moved depending on X or Y. Take management promises with a pinch of salt.. A lot of pressure, and it can be too much some times but it is rewarding. Base salary currently behind the market
Like most financial institutions, many legacy IT systems in place which challenges optimisation of performance. Poor Training, abuse of managerial power. backwards decision making, no leadership, workarounds, poor IT, all about cost cutting. Not such negative impact on career. Few promotions
Low pay
Difficult people are rewarded
Very bad leadership
Too many consultants
Too frequent changes in leadership leading to no/poor decision making
Much time spent on projects yet very little delivered
No regard for customer despite company slogans
Outdated technology
Negative culture - monetary rewards not given but not is praise, only criticism.. always on the go, sometimes no free time. If no vacancies for your next level of salary no promotion but you are  still expected to do the duties of the next salary level. Lacks diversity.  Work/life balance heavily depend on your title.. question whether strategies across and between Divisions are aligned; expectations on hours and availability even on days off are too high; pressure is pretty constant which can be good but sometimes it is simply too much. IT systems are a joke; values (other than commercial ones) are unknown and performance management is poor as a differentiator. Not progressive business models and archaic IT systems. Outsourced department and allowed huge number of people with years of knowledge walk out the door. Hope they're doing OK !. Day to day work involves a lot of excel. Coming from a software engineering background I found this to be rather tedious as my true skills were not being utilized beyond writing time saving macros and extended formulas for auto completion, selection lists etc.... Poor structure, inefficiencies, too many chiefs
Lack of training
Poor performance management structure. There are no cons to working at the bank of ireland. It really is a great place to work and the culture is spot on.. good experience for a role just out of college but a bit repetitive, Management were extremely friendly. May be a lack of oppurtunities!. Due to the financial crisis, the workforce had to be reduced in the following years and a number of positions were removed entirely. Thus, sometimes I could not contact the person with the most  knowledge about a certain task.. None at all. Keep up the good work.. The absolute stereotype of an old-school, hierarchical, rigid organisation, motivated by and managing through fear. There are small change initiatives, but they are tiny drops in a culture that needs to change from the top down. There is no room for employee empowerment or new ideas. I have heard fantastic ideas and suggestions from those "in the field", starting with the cashiers, but the suggestions are either not listened to at all, or die somewhere along the escalation hierarchy. Executive management are also making severely unintelligent, illogical business decisions, changing the things that are actually working well, and leaving issues affecting productivity to fester. The extremely late "upgrade" of the IT systems is a great example.... Decision making can be slow. Culture of fear/mistrust.  Senior managers not managed properly from above.  One rule for them, another for everyone else. Lack of 'real' leaders.  New reward framework has been badly communicated and is seen as tool to underpay people.. Very little room for advancement within the company, and not-so-great starting salary with slight increases over the years.. No development of career, not very flexible to employees.. traditional structure and approach, technology. Team I was in - did not have a good leadership. Pay freeze for too long.. Management not interested in real change; No real strategy that I could see and all decisions were made on the basis of what management wanted, not what was right for the Company; in fact line management never communicated with the department and never met face to face.. Salaries not in line with some positions. Low pay, expected too much for what we are able to do. Massively under staffed.Not much scope for career progression or development unless you want to be a manager. Outdated systems which affects both staff and customers. Management pat each other on the back while the lower staff do all the hard work.. IT setup can be a bit disjointed, not a major player in the international finance scene.. nothing, work life balance is good. IT system is absolutely farcical, takes two weeks to get access to the systems and servers. Can also be boring work. Where do I start? crap wages, nepotism, overpaid (and far too many) managers, useless union, no perks, limited opportunities to move on or upwards etc.. Recent changes in the IT structure has seen mass voluntary redundancy in the IT and Business Change departments.
Morale has been very low in recent years as a result of this. Pay increases frozen from 2008 until after I left in 2012. A culture of fear as a result of the 'voluntary' parting initiative which resulted in a number of their employees being told that 'their roles were eliminated' while contractors were brought in to back fill the roles. 1.5 years later those same roles are being advertised internally and externally. Bank of Ireland has exhibited sharp practice and treated their employees with the same contempt they treat their customers with. the only thing is that the regulator and consumer associations protect the customer. who is protecting the employees?. hard work, you know yourself lad. Projects can take some time to complete.. horrible atmosphere in the department , people gossiping about everyone, no scope for development, no talent management , management had no interest in the team, discrimination on the nationality grounds, lack of imagination and innovation
the worse place I have worked for.... Personally for me the location of the IT Department where I worked did not suit as it was not on a main public transport link.. Some resisters still have influence, especially some of the longer serving staff
Middle managers need to up their game & change management abilities. They tried to introduce themselves like a really friendly company that will help you in case of confusions and will take you to the stars. It's not true- after your training no one really cares about you. There is no career opportunities and salary is VERY low. Management doesnt know as to what is going on in the office. Atmosphere is a bit stressful, they really try to push you down sometimes. I dont look forward to go there everyday. very political. management do not seek staffs input regularly. poor communication across various levels of management to staff. poor work atmosphere.. Unbelievably slow to make decisions, some can literally take years. More politics than your average parliament.Way too many meetings wasting peoples time, lowers productivity . No trust in employee skill sets. Every consulting organisation in the country has been through the place on a regular basis, "writing strategy papers, advising on change, reviewing decisions. You can't make a decision without some consultant being paid too much for their uniformed opinion on it. No open communication and a culture of shoot the messenger. Executive management have no acccountability for poor decisions made. You'd be sacked in most other companies for the millions of euros of wasted company funds.. There isn't any downside really, all you need to know as a staff is just try as much as possible to be hardworking , punctual, give it your all and you will be happy. And maybe in recent times, there has not been career progression.. I cannot think of any cons of working at this company. The weather in Ireland is very cold so that is why I decided to leave the country and therefore the company.. They don't look after their staff. The morale is very low. All the good experience is being lost due to outsourcing.. No attempt to boost staff morale, depleting numbers and a general lack of direction for the business. There is a lot of pressure being applied to sales staff which is inceasing every year. It's not the worst place to work in but be sure to negotiate hard for a salary and level you are happy with because you'll be stuck there until you leave.. The last few years have been in a very difficult economic climate.  A lot of customers are very disgruntled with the reduction in personal service and in some cases are taking it out on frontline staff.. There is a high resistant to change, new ideas and innovative people. There is little opportunity to develop your career. Frustrating systems. Too much red tape.. The culture is resistant to change, resistant to challenge and resistant to new ideas. Once decisions are made they are stuck too rigidly rather then being continually assessed.. Too much politics in the workplace. Bad management, little support of professional development, managers now knowing what they want, how they want to get there, but are sure it's their teams fault.. slow decision making; high on politics; senior management lacks courage to make decisions, likes to run the shop 'cloak and dagger style'; aged, very complex and risky technology mix. No career progression. If you are in any way ambitious, this is not the place for you. With such media focus on all banks cost cuts are inevitable. This is the only reason you will run into difficulty with management. 
Some managers are promoted based on length of service who clearly shouldn't be in the role. This is by no means always the case. There is some serious talent within the company.
There were very few career growth opportunities. My core reason for leaving.. Management in Ireland not great in communicating the truth to their employees.  Mislead in where the company is going and their compensation to their employees.. not to challenging. training only for starters nothing after that. salary not great. poor benefits. structure of company not great.. during my first year in the job i had to work very long hours, maybe even 12 hours a  day 7 days a week. The division I work for used to be very nimble, think on the fly, and have an entrepreneurial mindset.  However over the last 2 years the company has literally been on hold with any strategic thinking.  This organization may be a positive one in the future when it pulls its head out of the sand, however currently I would not recommend this organization to anyone unless the price was extremely right.. Compensation and benefits are not to the standard that is available elsewhere.. Senior management is a joke and unless you are a favorite, you do not get promoted.  All hiring is based on who likes who best, not about competencies.. Lack of Strategic vision of management that limits future growth of busines.  Due to this lack of vision, I feel that the company long term success has been greatly compromised and therefore the future growth of the employees (raises, training, learning, etc.) has been reduced much lower than it should have been.. No bonuses awarded, nationalization risk and downward pressure on compensation beyond that seen at competitors;. When immediate superior is only interested in their own progress, and has little interest in improving the lot of the people who work for them.. Performance Salary & benefits behind the market in some roles. Incentivise performance. The technology used is very poor & old age practices that can frustrate people.. Senior Management conflict and poor vision of USA market for expansion. Not enought support to new employers
Not a great enviroment
Too structured with no many possibilities of change or propose other way of doing work.. None that I can think of.. Doesn't seem any con in organization. Can't think of anything negative. Very low career opportunities
People tends to sit on the same jobs for years.. Low pay and no flexibility. Job opportunities in Barcelona only open to Spanish applicants. Many hours, difficult to promote, old way of working from bosses. Culture, Bureaucracy, Progression, Mentality etc. Management
Lack of Vision
Stale environment 
Back stabbing eager to suck up colleagues. Human resourses and commercial  departments with a large range for improvement.
A bad work environment in the branches, due to the  unachievable, unreal and changing goals, that generates personnel unsecurity, bad manners and endless schedules.. Everything else: treatment, weekend shifts, type of contract, no benefits at all, culture, work atmosphere, environment, office... everything.. few people for many transactions in peru. Mediocre standards in terms of quality of work and lower expectations in terms of staff output across  all departments relative to other institutions worked prior.  


Staff goals set are neither challenging or  significant nor do they lead to any great reward when achieved or exceeded  . Expect to be  given little  support or mentoring from top and middle management level  in helping to achieve them .

HR more heavy handed than other institutions on hiring decisions , salary scales not as competitive as other institutions perhaps taking  their lead from Spanish headquarters who also lag in this area  within Spain.


Little emphasis on innovative client  solutions or product delivery and development

 
Most staff seem to accept that our  competitors as better equipped in terms of technology, talent, platform and  capabilities and are more serious and sophisticated players in the industry.    

Senior Management play favorites and seem to reward , promote and  assign organizational value based on personal friendship , cultural background or other criteria unrelated to skill talent or productivity.

Little motivation or incentive for staff  to strive for excellence or go the extra mile. Bonus and reward at the lower end if the scale in the industry. 

An astonishing lack of professionalism and haphazard way at times in the way that some  critical and decisions are made and issues of great significance are handled without putting the tools in place for them to have the desired effect.

A number of staff lack essential skills or competencies to perform the roles assigned in part due to lack of  emphasis in general on staff training and  development). Little mentoring taking place

Despite the relatively small size of the institution communication is poor and very few general staff or department meetings to share ideas, developments and initiatives taken place within the company. Staff are often the last to hear breaking news and at times receive information secondhand from outside sources on whats happening within their own organization. In practice, they want you working all day for nothing.  
Very competitive environment, departments are hiding information from other ones so they are not efficient and things are doing twice.
Not chances for a career professional. All  management positions and good salaries are given to external people so it's important to negotiate a good salary in advance because when you are in, is difficult to progress.
Managers don't know how to manage  and  lead teams so it's easy to see employees not motivated.. Limited opportunities in Spain
Banking sector. Low wages.
Limited career growth perspective.. - Serious and strict environment.
- Hours of work not flexible.. The food at the restaurants could be better. I do not have anything negative to say about the company. My internship served as a great learning experience before moving along to my first full-time job.. - Very hectic work environment
- No methodologies/strategies
- No career development/growth opportunities
- No training/mentoring
- No benefits
- Some employees are closed-minded, typical Catalan mentality.
- Very little diversity
- Long working days
- Too long of a commute if you live in Barcelona and work in Sabadell
- If you don't speak or at least understand Catalan, my advice is not to consider working here. No career development, no matter the quality/quantity of your work, Golden retirement for dinasours. It is a very stressful environment and work never stops. Sometimes it gets a bit buroecratic since many decisions have to go through the headquarters in Spain.. Big differences in salaries. No increasements. More responsabilities but no more salary. Expect to assume more for the same money. No extra for extra-hours. Every day to inform about results. Lots of pressure. Lowest salaries in the sector except you come from a swallowed bank (rescued bank). Backward thinking Bank.  no meritocracy. Very low salaries (around 30-50% lower than average market), no professional opportunities. Very low salaries, no benefits and therefor bad employees as good ones leave the bank after 1-2-3 years. They pay around 20k for full time employees, it's ridiculous.. No career opportunity.
No much creative work. Sometimes work more hours than your contract. - Salaries are not great for what you are expected to do
-. Lack of a career path for young employees. Too much local based business. Low rate of business abroad.. Slow promotion
Communication from Senior Management ambiguous. The pay is horrible compared to other banks. I've worked at other banks were tellers can make extra money from a monthly teller bonus. At Sabadell you'd be lucky if you get one bonus during the year, and they don't give it during the holidays. No sick days at all. If you're sick and you need to make money you better go to work because if you don't, you won't get payed. Very few opportunities for advancement. I also noticed a high turnover rate. The tellers wouldn't stick around very long.. - Lack of training
- Lack of monitoring and continuous work. no downside unless you don't like a constantly changing fast-paced working environment. Changes too quickly and lacks direction. Awful culture. Massive pressures to overwork/work-life balance very limited. No career progression. No annual salary reviews. Poor bonus scheme. Boys club exists within Senior Management.. Project deadlines are sometimes a bit unrealistic.. none that I can think of. It's hard work but nothing good ever came easy!. No human contact. Rubbish salary. Very few cons to working here. Not many to note imo. Extremely optimistic company goals over the last year have led to increased stress, although this has also given us a lot to be proud of. None that I can think of. I don't have any at the moment :). - The technology department is not Agile, favouring waterfall (but actively advertises it in job postings etc)
- Limited time/opportunity for learning other than "on-the-job"
- Enormous amount of technical debt due to project timelines and and "get it in" and "fix it later" attitude and no plan/will to address
- The bank has moved from one "Bank-in-the-box" platform to a different one, the large part of the integration work with the new platform is now done and therefore there is limited scope of interesting engineering work IMO.
- Technical/engineering decisions are often dictated by management
- Clarity (and timeliness) of business requirements for projects are a large pain point
- No real upward progression path for Engineers, upward salary band is limited when comparing against remote roles. problems are in technology
very rushed projects now 3 on a row
managers always asks us to work this weekend, forgetting that we're already working weekends for months to try to catch up with their demands
loads of Tech Debt, which we can't address since we're so busy
outdated stack. we've used some cloud tech, but are still playing catch up
lots of engineers are leaving or are thinking of it as nothing ever changes
process after process after process. i can't keep up with all the jira labels and components to get anything done. Lacking in some areas - heavy reliance on google drive for things like reviews.. Not much scope for progression within the department.. Your face has to fit. There are no cons I can say currently. Try to do deliver too much in too short time with too few resources. 

Start-up mentality that’s not as mature as they think.

Lack of planning which contributes to the root of many delivery issues.

Tail wagging the dog; shareholders dictate unrealistic expectations.. Difficult to Progress
Can feel overlooked. Nothing really, challenging and fast paced. None thank I can think of. A little out of the way if not from Durham. Nothing to mention here at all. None great company to work for. There is no cons to note. I have honestly not came across any negative things about Atom during my time there.. None its fantastic a brilliant company. It's in Durham, a little out of the way for a lot of people commute wise. Working Environment
Lack of trust whether thats on a machine level with software tracking and blocking you down or in your day to day job. 
Decisions made by the highest paid person rather than most qualified. 
No opportunity for progression in your career even when there is open positions.. The company has made some of the worst technical decisions ever.
The security team locks down the company so heavily you'll find it hard to develop anything whereas you see competitors like Monzo or Starling running circles.
The company would rather pay external companies thousands instead of take care of those internally.. Wish it was located in Newcastle.. That I had to leave to return to London.

That's all I can really say. This but is just so I can hit the 20 word minimum for this section. not enough space hoppers ;-). The cafe is rather expensive but very tasty. The work canteen is a 3rd party, runs out of specials even before lunch starts, the local options are a bit of a distance away - although does give you a chance to nab an onsight parking slot if your quick. Lack of rules as youre treat like an adult. - Parking is horrific
- The cafe (non company owned, I know) is extortionate!. Parking is a bit of a nightmare. Salary is low & demand can be tough. Hours are sometimes long, Bonus. Crystal clear accountability, some may not enjoy. You are encouraged to step up, improve, make a difference and affect the future. Employee benefits have undergone wholesale improvements last year, and continue to do so.. Everything is a work in progress - anything that is considered a "con" at AL is considered. AL takes any concerns from their employees seriously to ensure a content & motivating work environment.. Bad management 
Your just a number. Basically Coutts, every one very clicky and hard to make changes.. IT and internal infrastructure needs more improvement.. Senior Management are out of touch with modern employment practices and behaviours. 
Board of directors are lacking in energy, diversity and are rarely seen.
Managers are unable to achieve anything as they are too worried about managing up rather than down.
Investment in the business is either day late, and a dollar short or in non core areas that provide immediate returns to maintain the dividend.. Flexible working and dress code need to catch up with the IT industry. Entire well liked and efficient team left due to brutal, blundering management change; the new head of the team was brought in sideways by the outgoing CEO amidst lies and without any hiring process. Both my senior colleague and I were systematically forced out. I'm told the department is now in disarray- so glad I'm out. HR are scared of management, there is literally no one you can talk to, no one who cares and there are no repercussions for treating staff badly. Disgusting, short-sighted work ethics and culture, zero integrity.. Leadership team, CEO, lack of direction. Management Don't like spending money unnecessarily
No chance of moving up within the company 
High Turnover of Staff. Lots of very poor staff. Pay peanuts and you know what you get...
Lacking direction across the organisation, promises of improved pay but too much penny pinching means that good staff don't stick around for long. Ends up with a stale environment with lots of plodders retained.. Mostly side effects of working in a smaller company - IT systems could be more comprehensive, although these are in the process of being improved. Benefits are good for a smaller company, but not as comprehensive as the big banks.. IT infrastructure now a priority, but has received under investment in previous years.. - poor pay 
- lack of company strategy and structure
- archaic way on thinking 
- not a forward looking company 
- no innovation 
- benefits are rubbish. Bad culture and questionable ethics from the top. Bad systems. High turn over of staff. Senior management do not care for the health of their staff. Expect 3% bonus for "excellent" performance.. None in particular to report. - little communication with cronyism prevelant. External hires of “friends” of the CEO, with little regard for existing employees 
- focus on producing profit solely for the board (non shareholders) to take out. Check out the annual accounts, the board pay is out of sync with the company size. They do not value staff or reward good performance. Not a real private bank, as about profit at any cost. Weak management, cronyism, hire and fire mentality, shocking treatment of individuals, failure to recognise strengths and skills of staff.. none in particular to report. Poor IT systems and too much change which is not managed well
Teams are over-resourced in some areas and vastly under-resourced in others. Hard work is not appreciated.
Pay is pathetic. Bonus is insulting.
Department short of staff, and yet budgets get cut again and again as if they intended to shut down the business.
Abusive corporate culture.
The investment department in my view is a highly risky business as investment management process is not up to speed with industry standard and risk management is like a finger in the air.
The department is not lack of tallent but ther is no motivation to achieve anything...
All senior management cares about is growing AUM and ignores the infrastructure and functions required to maintain the growing assets.
...and more.... Employees are generally under appreciated and over worked.
Good work never gets noticed, the same can't be said about small insignificant mistakes...
When a member of the team leaves, there is no rush to replace. 
The whole company seems to be run by "old boys", and if you don't fit in with their style of working then they push you out.
There is absolutely no progression.
Compensation is poor, bonuses are even worse. They promised the world at the beginning and nothing came to fruition.
You're expected to go above and beyond, coming in early and staying late, with absolutely no thanks.
Absolutely no support, you're expected to just get on with it and figure things out by yourself.
The processes are dated and inefficient.
Moral is so low and HR couldn't care less, staff handing in their notice left right and center.
I could go on...

All in all, a very backwards company and I'm glad I got out! If you're looking to work in a bank, you'd be much better off working for a big corporate. At least they have processes in place!

Broken promise after broken promise. After 3ish years, enough was enough.. There are no cons to report. Benefits not matching other banks. No negatives, proud to work here. Salaries are on the low side. - micromanement
- hard to progress, no career prospective. inconsistent schedule location management support. pay is below scale for most roles. Having head office spread over multiple sites can add complexity.. absolutely rubbish place to work. Nothing as such like a can in this company. No progression. 
Poor diversity.
Old stule. There only con is the rate of pay. Boring with little career progression. No commission on sales targets. none, a little old fashioned at times.. lots of manager monitoring and constant query taking. Bad prospects for advancement up grades. Limitation Progression Challenge restrictions Money. Opportuinies may be limited, salary. Toxic atmosphere and not the best salary. Little room for progression
Salary is poor. The progression ops were not available. I joined during the pandemic so the on-boarding is really tough no one told me what to do I had to contact people to ask everything. Very dull monotonous work, data entry,. The environment was a bit toxic. didn’t extend my work experience. hard workall teh time fior employees. low wage- shift allowance doesnt make up a huge amount- high stress- feel like you are back in school. Difficult to progress your career. Busy and stressful at times. Lack of career path was evident. If you have a group of coworkers who are difficult, can be tough to receive help. Large teams and a lot of structure. There are very few progression opportunities. No growth
Difficult customers
Racist, homophobic and sexist colleagues. hierarchical place to work. old fashioned. Bonus. There is none. Taxes at 90% for bankers.. Ni cons as everything is good. Salary, Management , The Job, Lack of Flexibility. Salary scale is a little unfair. Those coming in after you with less qualifications receive more pay.. Staff shortages, sales targets without the chance of bonuses.. Salary, no bonus, pay freeze, no benefits. Salary is lower than average. not much room to move and very harsh on errors. There are a high level of outsourcing and contractors. This creates a high rotativity and makes it hard to keep quality levels.. They use SAS (Out of date). Pay was poor relative to other companies. None worth mentioning in review. boring and not good. be patience. Poor progression,nepotism,stagnant systems and poor training. None that I can think of. slow to change and old systems. progression and career advancement can be difficult to achieve. You move from team to team with short advice!!! Not organised, no training, bad environment.. Poor starting salary for the work done. Boring
Deal with a lot of idiots
Lots of meetings + conference calls. pay, career progression, lack of opportunities. sometimes had to work overtime. pay is only ok and hard to get an increase. None to speak of of. There is little room for development. Little progression opportunities at the top. The environment is very formal at times. Extremely poor pay, long hours with no overtime paid, no support. Very slow to get decisions. Stressful, left on your own to do alot of things you are not experienced in, no way of moving up. Time it takes to get promoted. Autonomous work and rostered shifts. Not a lot of progression.. Low salary and opportunities To progress. Work life balance, too busy at times,. Many people and can be a crowded workplace. poor pay, banking institutionalized culture. benefits, flexibility, all rest was good. Shift work, small office, no parking. There were no cons to be honest. Unapproachable management, little to no training given, no support when you ask for help, trainers don’t even know the answers themselves and they all tell you something different ,. Low salary. Not enough options to promote. Not so amazing to be fair. long hours, sometimes stressful, intense. Reason for leaving was the embark on a new challenge.. Cash differences mean that you stay late, although you might not have to there was an unspoken rule that if cash was out, everybody stayed until the difference was found (which can happen very often if there are many people on cash, trainees etc.). No career advancement. Deadend job.. Nothing to report on this. Where do I star and where do I end. Management can’t manage effectively. Seem to have role more for their sector expertise than people management skills and ability to effectively lead, develop and keep staff happy and motivated. 

Systems are incoherent and processes overly complex and repetitious. 

Support teams are under skilled and understaffed. 

Pay is not reflective of market rate and benefits have been stripped back to nothing.. Bad salary basic wage with no prospect of going up higher in salary. to much change all at once. Quite a lot of internal projects taking time. There is no  cons with the job. Very little opportunity to progress. Limitations because of regulations, differs from tem to team. Wages poor and no.perks. Bad hours and bad labour. Progression route without moving around the country virtually impossible due to long standing staff not moving from their comfortable positions.   This is the most evident view of "dead mans shoes" I have ever seen.. Location was not suitable for me. Possibly some initial age discrimination, seen as a young student rather than a fresh set of eyes with a lot to offer! Not too many progression opportunities, could offer incentives to come back and join after graduation.. can be boring at times depending on what department you are in. terrible structure, terrible communication, downright terrible. Extremely difficult to get a pay raise
Promotions are also difficult to get
Not much diversity when compared to other entities based in Dublin. None that I can think of. Poor pay, no proper training.. Old culture still present at middle and senior management. average salary, no bonuses, no career improvements. Competitive markets at some times. Bad management
Unfriendly managers
Break hours are small. salary/remuneration not competitive, processes/technology outdated. Not good salary along with promotions. Volume and type of calls. Tight daily deadlines 
Stressful conditions
Little change in workflow. Communication is not consistent across organisation.. lack of promotional oppurtunities, undervalued analysts, pay could be much better. Pay is rubbish,  no perks. Poor management (was the reason I left)
Lack of time to properly train and no structured training. 
Not fully informed on things
Long hours in the department I was in, but didn't have to take work home. money, policy, change of staff. Weren't great opportunites to progress sometimes due to favouritism or young management. None i can think of. Not much scope for career development. The salary was not great.. No career progression 
No payrises. Not a great place to work. can't think of any at the moment. Nothing much really to add here. bad management
no way to move forward
awful pay. Not likely for promotions. Restructuring has resulted in quite small number of locations in GB. A southern (London) based head office.. Favouritism by managment. Holding back emoloyees who have exams im favour of longer term staff. Unapproachable at times. Extra work with no pay. Pay is generally bad across the board.. treat you like a number don't care about you life out side of your job not willing high turn over. Long hours, weekend work at times. Unrealistic targets, no incentives and lots of overtime. very hierarchical, not many opportunities. Far too much Red tape
Too much politics
Everything is too slow. Its like working in the public sector
No pressure on anyone. 
Poor leadership. Lack of direction across the board. 
Very inward looking. 
No tempo. 
No ambition from AIB to do unconventional things. 
Its all about the status quoue. Salaries below market rate  - sometimes you get what you pay for. Slow Route to Progression  in different departments.. too many chiefs at the helm. low salary and poor treament of staff over a number of years, inconsistent in fairness and renumeration to staff.. Management were lax in Loan decisions which led to problems for the group. Still needs some delayering and notice of junior staff talent. Still under government controlled. Very bureaucratic. Falling behind competitors when I comes to pay.. Lack of organisation and structure. Went through a tough time at the end and many of us were casualties. Didnt see it coming. Management got greedy, we paid the price. But in the end all will be well. Best positioned or long serving not most capable more often getting promoted, leading to some inept management. Innovative thinking often quashed in order to uphold rank.. Poor pay, if you show an ambition to get promoted, lower level management seem to feel threatened.. - Extremely poor response to issues in the workplace.
- Abusive management, some members on my team working unpaid overtime because they are made feel there's no alternative.
- Ineffective procedures to deal with above; only solution is to move teams or companies. Salaries were low, no career opportunities, favourites who played the game got the best jobs, poor culture. Poor, old fashioned management and ego is a huge problem here. I wouldn't recommend AIB to anyone.
TAkes years to get promotion for very little pay to start off with. Huge amount of nepotism. Branch manager in charge of hiring and firing . Hr department seems indifferent to bad management practices. Old style mgt. To many dinosaurs in the place with old school approach. 
Hard workers are not encouraged to progress and are often overlooked.  When others who either by nepotism or due to family status / good stock would be put forward for opportunities weither they deserve them or not!
No pay increases or benefits.. old IT systems and manual outdated procedures. Ambitious but unlikely to achieve the levels they aim for. scattered thin around UK. bunch of bullies, extremely difficult environment, especially for foreigners. Unfair.. Bullying boses no fairness in promotions at all a total disgrace. Not flexible with some people whereas others only turn up when they feel like it. Some people stamp their feet and get what they want but others wirk hard and get treated terribly. Do not work there.. not progressive need more training. Poor Pay and benefits, 
Progression very slow and dependent on the area you are in.
Large scale outsourcing project in motion at present. not good environment can be soul destroying. very difficult and unhappy customers,draining. small incestous organisation with a small bank mentality.     Limited fairness in pay rises or promotional opportunities.. Bank is bust so its a ticking bomb. Hierarchical structure with autocratic and dictatorial management.  Leadership and motivation non-existent.   No effective performance management or development.  Promotion on length service.  IT dreadful.  Over-complicated paper based processes.  Increase working hours + loss benefits  = 15% decrease salary in real terms.. Stall on career progression, pay cuts and outsourcing looming. A few office tough guys particularly at management level which was irritating, though quite amusing.

Skill level of staff was not great, though to be expected due to reliance on internal systems rather than off the shelf packages which would have done a better job such as MS Excel.. Hierarchal, zero autonomy to initiate projects, draconian management style. banking industry is tough environment now and salaries are less. Interesting work , people in ther have been there too long that they cannot see new and improved  ways of ways of doing things. Call centre environment - therefore very pressurised, all breaks timed, and pressure to get targets inc,uding leads, customer service aspect is difficult, glum working atmosphere, management incomptence, no opportunites to transfer to HQ or other offices, if you are moved its within the building.. Micro managed managers who pressure colleagues. High turnover in staff, clueless senior mangers who think they are better than the agents.. People at the bottom of the company get treated like rubbish
Pointless tasks keep getting added on to an already pressed role
Pay is below average for industry. Average to low level of remuneration. I have not come across any so far. Not met my time face to face yet. can't think of any, maybe too many meetings but I guess that comes with the new normal. No cons to think about at the moment. Management play you and promote friends within the firm, even thought those friend underperform. Trying to be agile in an over complex org. growth opportunities, compensation and benefits. all i can think of is the fact that i've not been into the office yet, obviously no fault of Aldermore.. Development, progression, reviews, soft, HR. Lost it’s way more recently and lost lots of the commercial leadership that really pushed things forward. Bit of a “little big bank”. Company has no idea which direction it's going in or how to progress. More and more Systems being put in place to micro manage and track our every move. Bullying management, lack of transparency, no confidence in ExCo, high turnover, slow track record of achievements when mapped out. Less likely to be heard when you challenge something. No career progression and lack of support.. Lack of suitable IT and experience. No training. No obvious career path. A youthful bank, some growing pains to overcome.. Smaller bank not as many career opportunities. I have experienced none so far.. I have had no negative experiences so far working for Aldermore Bank. becomes more political recent years. 1) Doesn't have market share which continues to be dominated by top 4 banks
2) Developing cross product knowledge/share
3) Route to market Broker led, this could also be viewed as a positive.. Lots of changes turnover high at times. Reference company used extremely slow. Private health policy below par. Confusing IT structure.. The extremely long and stressful commute. Dreadfully weak management 
No support 
Ignore the total failings of some departments. Senior management harass you when you want to leave. Younger team members openly bullying older member of staff. Management participating in swearing and unprofessional conduct. Bonus scheme’s matrix looks like a child drawings, there are no real measurable goals. Top heavy with management, who has no idea about the UK mortgage market. BDMs just sit on the phone cursing brokers and wasting time.. Useless senior management 
Almost zero training or staff investment 
Bonus scheme not worth the paper it’s written on 
Unfair HR practises that lack confidentiality or consider impacts on their staff 
A culture of inappropriate language being acceptable from the top yet the troops at ground level get shafted if its them.. No cons. The way that the managers favour some people and treat others like something off the bottom of their shoes is disgraceful -. Nothing, a lovely place to work.. Feels like it is getting more corporate since take -over by First Rand.. - Moving towards a culture where younger people are being overlooked for promotions to promote people with experience. This can be quite demoralising and means Aldemore are running the risk of losing young talent who ideally would like a future with the bank.
- Workload is high with no option to work outside of normal hours unless you travel to the office. 
- Workload means development can be hard to work on. 
- Senior Management not very visible in certain areas of the business.
- Recognition of individuals often goes a miss.. Bullying 
Harassment 
Performance Improvement Plan is being used to dismiss good employees.
HR should spend more time dealing with bullying & harassment, rather than wrinting fake reviews on Glassdoor..... Some tasks which should be for managers are put onto staff. i.e. return to work. None, the reason for my leaving was entirely out of their control.. Absolutely nothing! Faultless company in every sense.. workload is not steady.  Bank is not well known. Too many senior managers focussed on the short term.. Dreadful systems. Strategic plans still produced in excel.. Culture is awful with self interest so high for many that collaboration at a minimum. Needs an overhaul and people need to learn how to respect others as colleagues and human beings.. - Little exposure to other parts of the business. parking would ideally be good to have. flexibility, management, career progression, salary increase, pay. For non customer facing roles it can be tricky planning meetings and workshops as some many offices, but good VC and TC help to offset this. Office spaces are improving, slowly. Bit more on formal training plans but think thats coming and work colleagues tell me its much improved already. Top tier management 
Lacking opportunities to progress career. Managers who have no experience or training who are dictatorial.. Large work volumes & frequent requests to work weekends - tiring work
Lack of staff development in some areas
Need to get better at retaining staff. Nothing that comes to mind.. Small organisation, hence pension & other benefits might not be best in class. There are none as of yet. Bullying culture! If your face doesn’t it fit you’ll be out.
No chance to build and develop- very much who you know rather what you know.
No exit interviews. There is a lot on and I'm often exhausted at the end of the week but I think this is in a good way.  I've worked really hard in other company's and often feel its been for nothing so at least in Aldermore my hard work is valued and means something. •	Massive turnover
•	No leadership or culture, lack of direction in some areas of the business
•	Very unprofessional and no work ethics
•	Finger pointing culture and favouritism
•	No investment in training and limited development opportunities, with no clear career progression
•	Management doing tick box exercise, rather than implementing real change – Inclusion / Diversity…. Whats that?????
•	Under performance is under managed, yet good performance is taken for granted and trampled upon. Change in management brought inexperience,  lack of listening,  never looking at the bigger picture, quality of team members extremely poor choice of recruitment,  very unprofessional. More suited to a basic call centre roll rather than in a banking group.. The business is heavily siloed, had a bullying culture that worked down from senior management, and was more concerned with finger pointing and scape-goating than innovating and learning lessons.

I've never before experienced so many examples of colleagues stabbing each other in the back, posturing for position, and working against each other for personal or departmental gain rather than the good of the company or customers.

My advice for prospective employees would be to look past the branding - it is completely at odds with the way the company operates.. Delusional management line and above thinking massive turnover can be cured with a pay rise
Annual bonuses... MADNESS!! Previously quarterly which wasn’t great but better than this
Three months notice period...
No proper leadership; brown nosing senior management instead of open discussions
Too many keyboard warriors who think an email or two will resolve issues
Plenty to do but no support provided when required
Targets unrealistic;. Nothing that you wouldn’t get in any similar size firm. 
Often gets grouped with other “challenger” banks, which is a pretty disparate group. It has moved beyond that now and is better thought of as in the strap line: “Banking as it should be”. Communication with Staff has previously been non-existent leading to many "Chinese Whispers" over the years about the bank and it's strategy, however Aldermore are fully aware that this has previously been an issue and are continuing to work very closely with staff to improve how the bank communicates key messages.. -Some people find it hard on what to focus on and priorities
- Managers find it hard to manage teams and focus on the people element. As a growing business in a changing market, there is often a heavy workload which can sometimes lead to colleagues feeling they are under pressure to deliver.. Maybe it isn't for everyone as you are expected to work hard but the rewards are good, not bored and feel appreciated.  Its the right balance for me in a growing business. Rather that than the opposite but maybe some people want an easy ride and expect everyone to do everything for them ! If thats what you want stay where you are. Very siloed business structure, I feel a strong overall business management could knock down these walls to get more out of the business as a whole.. As I said I work in HR so can see what's going on. And it's such a bad company. I'm forced to do things that go against all of my ethics. People are dismissed, fired or made redundant just because their faces don't fit or they need to cut costs despite being millions of pounds in the red. My boss is weak and influenced by people who are only in it for themselves.. - resource levels do not always match the expectations of what any one person/team can deliver
- IT infrastructure continues to be a challenge, albeit with plans in place to do something about it. Individual businesses work well in isolation but a more cohesive approach to move forward successfully needs to be encouraged. The parking in Wilmslow is a bit of a pain, but it is right next to the train station. There is always more work to be done and sometimes that can seem quite daunting. managing volume of work can be difficult with some peaks need more managing but team leader is good at smoothing for us. - A growing company can mean a lot of change, but change also brings opportunity.... Poor culture and values that aren't followed
Two faced management 
Siloed structures 
Ambiguous business direction. Blame culture, expectations of delivering the impossible, archaic management styles, no clear career progression, limited progressional development opportunities. Suggestions not always communicated upwards past line managers
Events/ Activities not always consistent across sites. Not so many, company has grown well. - Bully culture
- Blame culture
- Extremely poor management
- Brown noising is the norm, if you don't its at your own peril
- Exceptionally weak management in IT
- No work ethics
- No value for staff who put in the hours to get the work done
- You can never ever trust your manager to look out for you. What was a fantastic business model with customers at the heart of it, has degenerated into a self absorbed and bloated back office that thinks about nothing but compliance. Senior meetings rotate around an endless and ever decreasing set of compliance and risk metrics that change every month and add no control whatsoever. 
Bullying is rife and the good people get frustrated and leave. 
It's been so sad to watch a company culture slide further and further backwards as bullies thrive and incompetence is the norm.. Spoilt by middle/senior management brought in from bigger banks who are intent on building mini empires which in turn creates silos and dysfunctional behaviours.. Trying to do too much and changing priorities. Not for everyone - if you want to hide in the corner, its not for you. That's evident from some of the other comments.
Its a new business, so don't expect everything to be perfect.
You'll be very busy!. Pay could be better and too many pointless management meetings.. I could add my voice to those who talk about its bullying culture, ineffective leaders etc. but if you've read most of the reviews on here I'm sure you've got the picture.  So instead, I'll tell you about how they made me redundant because believe me, I've never experienced anything quite like it. 

You see at Aldermore, they do things differently.  Imagine the scenario.  You get a new boss who comes from a completely different discipline but never mind you say, just stick with it.  Then your new boss decides to ignore you.  Yep, zero interest.  No 121s, no asking what you do, no team meetings, absolutely nothing.  And then things start getting blocked; recruit new people, nah; start new projects, nah; carry on existing ones, nah.   Fast forward a few months and they decide to have their first ever team meeting.  Great you think, they're finally showing an interest but hey, this is Aldermore and like I said, they do things differently.   The meeting is to tell you that you're up for redundancy.  But wait you say, you missed out one important detail, you've never asked me what I do so how can you possibly know that my job is redundant? Well, this being Aldermore they decide who stays and who goes by using out of date job specs and your old boss' handover notes.  Does it matter that the job spec and handover notes are not an up-to-date reflection of what you're currently doing.  Clearly not.  Ok, you say, where's the redundancy policy, surely you have one?   Oh silly me, there isn't one but I'm not to worry because it's all being done in the right way.   Now if you're wondering how they could be so sure of this with no policy to refer to, don't worry, you're not alone.  So after a consultation process that truly brings new meaning to the word 'farcical,'  surprise, surprise they make you redundant.  And that people, is how they roll at Aldermore.. As long as you don't mind every second of your day accounted for you will be ok. Every breath you take, every move you make, they will be watching and timing you .... Unrealistic targets, constant pressure to hit those targets. Extremely high turnover of advisers! Low moral in the department. If your thinking about making some bonus go somewhere else! Manual tasks for everything. Tries to act like an ethical bank, but all they care about are figures and sales! Rubbish systems.. Far too much middle management which appears unaccountable. none at all. perfect company. I haven't experienced any negatives. Bullying. Lying. Smiling assassins. Fragmented. Deludided. Unpleasant. It's only when you leave that you relise your self worth again and actually you aren't worthless.. Management, poor judgement. heaven forbid your manager takes a dislike to you, they make your life hell. You'll get nowhere despite all the promises of progression. Management seem to witch hunt staff and it's one target after another. Just an awful place to work. No atmosphere. No parking. No flexibility.. Woefully poor leaderships skills within the management of the firm, particular upper-middle management. It doesn't help that the bank struggles to articulate how it wants to actually deliver its strategy - but a nasty culture of bullying, coercion and paranoia has grown rife within all that uncertainty.

Through the lack of a robust set of values, the very worst behaviours that have been drilled out of larger organisations have found themselves blossoming at Aldermore.. Reading office (Asset Finance) is run by a Clique who operate in a playground bullying manner. Those outside of the clique are subject to slander, gossip, discrimination and it affects performance reviews & promotion. 
Disciplinary & grievance procedures are manipulated & denied.
It is only through leaving that the physical & emotional impact has been realised & recovered from.. Promotions are given to employees who have no  experience and  display a bullying attitude. 
Grievance procedures are being falsified. 
Annual Performance Reviews are being used in order to unfairly dismissed employees & management.. Management don't realise how much their decisions affect the service to customers. No real development opportunities as they tend to hire externally.. Little to no communication about changes which doesn't help in day-day role 
Lack of direction in some areas of the business. Recently has been a lot of organisational change which just needs to settle down now.. - Undeveloped corporate strategy and lack of genuine direction from the exec team
- Still like the wild west in certain areas with regular land-grabs by senior managers
- Senior managers in positions they are not qualified for since they have been at the company from the start and risen up the ranks as the business has grown or have come in from larger companies where they held less senior roles on the assumption they will be able to step up because Aldermore is a smaller company 
- High staff turnover
- Lack of opportunities due to size of company. High turnover of staff
Miserable people
Very Hierarchical structure
Management to not even smile or say hello
Hired on the promise of great things that never materialised. - Overworked
- Stressed
- Managers with a lack of knowledge of the business
- Restructure of business lines every 2 minutes
- Redundancies left, right and centre
- Under-performance is under-managed, yet good performance is taken for granted and trampled upon
- In my 4.5 years there, I never came across an employee who was happy to work at Aldermore. Lack of shared vision, too many committees, slow decisions. Significant promotions appear to go to pre chosen people
Hard to move up in the company. Not many job opportunities. Small company, lots of favouritism.. Worked to the bone, staff turnover says it all. In my department we're on 5th manager in 2 years with average length of service only 6 months.  
Many staff treated unfairly with no support from management.
MDs are incentivised by bonuses of their own departments leading to divisions and wrong decisions being made strategically. Need to change the 'old guard' and bring in mature leaders.. No career progression
No structure (Heads of function without teams, Managers without teams, the title is more related with the salary than anything else
Team structure is always changing, big senior management turnover doesn´t allow career planning. no real downside, you get treated well as an employee - due to current size of business, the opportunities to progress to the next level may be somewhat limited. Clique. The staff can make or break a department. Overworked
Under appreciated
No support
Unreal targets
No sense that longevity matters 
Shambolic leadership and strategy
Sense the businesses will all unravel quickly
Crying out for investment in systems and people. My working life was micro-managed to the Nth degree. If you are the sort of person who doesn't mind having your neck breathed down continuously by managers, then this company may well suit you - they certainly have their good sides. However, the pressure is relentless, as are the targets, so my advice would be to make sure that you can cope with this sort of environment before thinking of applying to work for this company.. Can be very stressful at times when there is not enough staff to cover. Repetitive nature of the job can make it quite mundane. Resources aren't always used efficiently and updates to the business can take a long time to implement.. Specialist departments that require specific knowledge. Long tenured staff can be dinosaurs and external hires at leadership levels can be disastrous cultural fits.. No progression even though they tell you there is. The systems are shocking and there are so many unnecessary processes in place it gets frustrating. Internal career opportunities were few and far between. I feel in order to progress, I’ll have to look externally.. big company, who you know culture still exists but is getting smaller. Good progression internally gg bb. bad management by the senior leaders.. it's a large company. Silo's happen and you can be 'stuck' in certain roles that you didn't sign up for.. Limited room for progression as most of the jobs are centralised in Swindon. Development opportunities within middle/senior management are thin on the ground. Local senior leadership needs addressed, it would appear that many of those running Scotland & North all started roles together many moons ago. I have seen some outrageous decision making recently. Favouritism is rife, and has become the norm. Change is needed, teams are feeling the impact and morale and trust. Learn to listen to your people and accept feedback.. working from home may not suit all. There are not any I could mention. Senior Management would eat themselves if they could. It's not what you know it's who. Focus is on what you say, not do. Says it isn't a bank ( mutuality blah blah blah)but is desperate to become a bank.  Cut-throat, cold and joyless place to work in the end. Had to get out after over a decade. Wastes members money hand over fist. Executive pay is extortionate esp the #1.. Some managers didn’t implement the company ethos. Pressurised selling, not nice management. Don’t ever be ill and poor pay for the stress. None that I am aware of. The pay is spectacularly uncompetitive. I left in 2017 on approx £22/£23k per year year into the same role at another company on £35k which, by the end of the year I joined, had increased to £40k. I also felt there was a degree of cronyism that you only got ahead of you knew the right people. I always asked for development but was passed up time and again, mainly I believe due to not being great at their interview style. I always felt like my face didn’t fit and since leaving have had 2 promotions. Maybe I wasn’t ready at the time but I felt like I was sisyphus pushing the rock endlessly up a hill with no let up or reward!. Previously it has felt opportunities were given to people whose 'face fit' and were friends with management - however hopefully this will change with the new 'work from anywhere' announcement post covid.. Nothing really bad to say. Bonus not good 
Not much progression. Can be slow to change
Staff are pigeonholed, no chance to develop hard skills.. Agreeable - people don't challenge each other's ideas enough
Regulatory industry can feel constrained, often changes are blocked because of compliance regulations
Stuffy long processes. nothing i can think of. there are no particular issues with the company. Limited pay and hard to move roles. No real options for career progression. Progression difficult if role less visible at head office. To many targets and micro management. Nothing to call out at the moment. Redundancy 
Profit 
Inclusive 
Customer service. This job isn’t for everyone. None that I can think of. Influx of Retail and investment banking leadership is creating a colder, more ruthless culture. Poor middle management leadership in many areas, operating in silos protecting own positions. Obsession with designing new operating models is leading to more design and less doers - the models are making a simple business highly complex.. Great intentions that are never delivered upon: highly patriarchal, despite constantly talking about being an ED&I employer, it couldn’t be further from the facts. 
ED&I performance is worsening- male to female pay gap is widening. Male to female senior management appointment performance is  worsening. Lots of discussion, but only token gestures. 
Underperformance is not managed as HR function is understaffed and under skilled.. Sometimes bureaucratic and slow decision making.. I dont like it due to Bad pay. Salary is awful. It faults. Can be bureaucratic and management will tow the line from above for an easy ride. Salary less competitive and probably that they are headquartered in Swindon. Lack of branch progression
Pay isn’t great. Micro management
Numbers driven
Lack of communication from management and no wellbeing checks during COVID-19 pandemic.. short staffed and we say no target but nop, we do.. on call all the time. Average salary
Colleagues lack ambition
Easy to be forgotten as a new starter whilst WFH. None in particular, I've really enjoyed working for them. None that I can think of. Limited opportunities to progress roles.. Miscommunication.
Head Office make many mistakes that you will have to deal with in branch.
Pretty boring job, very repetitive.
Have to be very dependant on others e.g. Head Office and other departments.
Outdated technology and systems
Career progression is almost non existent, especially into mortgage roles. Salary is very low compared to other banks. Hard to get promoted, due to people being in the job such a long time and loving their positions 
Needs a lot of change to make business decisions quicker a d ore streamlined. Poor Salary compared to competitors. Little room for progression 
Clicky teams and great if your face fits
Treated as if you don't exist during maternity leave. 
Uncaring management. Lack of progression, some very low salaries. Salary slightly less than peers but the environment more than makes up for this.. Too much politics at workplace. - Everyone has been in the company for a long time and just moves role to role
- This means most people are not actually capable of doing the role
- Pace is excruciatingly slow
- Company fundamentally is not set up to innovate
- New missions model has been done without a restructure leaving lack of knowledge around roles and responsibilities
- So much tech debt you won't be able to do anything until this is fixed. Wage
Very cliché
Rude and abusive customers. Who you know, not what you know.
Management punish employees for speaking up.
Lack of direction from senior leadership.. No progression. Slow on change. Low pay in comparison to other financial institutions, making your way up the sliding scale is almost impossible.. Not too sure to be honest. Lack of opportunity 
No bonus. None, None, None, None, None. Can feel a little relentless when busy. Can spend 7 hours solidly on the phone and when it’s busy can be very tiring. Limited career progression and so staff tend to leave after a couple of years to banks and other fin services. Hard to progress within company. Leadership seems a little disorganised. NBS is so big, that consistency of approach to work often is lost. When at HQ in Swindon, organisational strategies can appear a little provincial.. Low salary for the job role. Sometimes slower to react to enhancements or improvements. Not competitive with moving markets
No clear path to developing your skills
Can be slow to move with the times. Top leadership seem up for modernising but layer below somewhat resistant. Nothing at all, to be sure!. Salarys are not enough for the job. The organisation are slower to adopt modernising tendencies.. Processes need additional simplification
Greater agility would help. Hit targets and deadlines, work well under pressure. Sometimes at the detriment of making decisions quickly and efficiently at all levels. Working towards a targets, calls.. salary isn’t great, often end up working late. Promotion opportunities, Pace, Bureaucracy at times. salary too low
ever changing goals to work to - ie weekly changes of what to push etc then interest lost by regional managers. Pay and progression could be better. Pay could be a bit better. no progression even though they talk about progression all the time. no cons for this company. Old technology. They are innovating slowly but not to the extent the other banks are. Some very old systems and old equipment way past it's time leading to awkward and convoluted problems which should have straightforward solutions but don't. 

Vast majority of the workload is funneled straight down to the lowest end employees i.e. Member Representative.

Unfair hiring practises. It doesn't matter how qualified or capable you are if you are less liked by management you don't have a shot at promotion. 

Often feels like you are doing things management should be doing (many hats).

Very very low salary.

Often have to work much longer hours for no extra pay.. Very stagnant and resistant to change.. They have lost a large number of long standing and experienced employees through a series of redundancies over the last few years. It is a shame that so many people with 20+ years loyal service have been allowed to leave an organisation that they helped form the culture of.. Low pay
Additional responsibilities given without extra pay
Lack of progression available due to restructuring. Bureaucratic, Processes are outdated, Never innovating future technology. Can be very pressured at times. Pay
Management at region level show little interest in staff. Hard to progress to head office roles.. Unfriendly environment, insufficient training, bad salary. Spend more time reorganising themselves than doing. None that I can think of. Slow Pace of change, hierarchy, bureaucracy. Impossible daily targets. Poor pay. No disabled people support.. Bureaucracy and layers of governance. Back stabbing slow decision making. little room for development unfortunately. No cons from my perspective. not a fast moving company. Transitioning from legacy to modern ways of working is challenging. Salary, Appreciation, Appraisal, Promotion and redundancies. The management was questionable at best.. The high level of MR responsibility does not equal low pay.. Targets where somewhat unrealistic in terms of the volume of work to get through. Repetitive work, lots of stress. in my time with the company, I don't have any complaints.. I dont have any cons with this company. - IT department can take an extremely long time to resolve faults, which can make working from home difficult (there are many different departments to cover different areas, and this means you can't always speak to someone on the phone who is dealing with your issue).. Hours worked in Digital Services
Communication can have large gaps for employees. Sometimes takes time before change. token internal offerings in place of accredited professional development 
Pays lower than market and poor bonus and pay rise scheme
Slow decision making due to lack of trust
Risk Averse 
Bloated number of Employees. None that I can think of.. None that I can think of. Horrible culture - have never been so stressed and unsupported in my life. Carrots constantly dangled about future opportunities that never come to fruition, threatening “just do what I say” culture, extremely poor senior exec decisions, cliques and jobsworths. They like to think they’re a great place to work and not hierarchical but honestly they are the worst! It wasn’t until I left and I went elsewhere that I realised just how bad it was and how much I can be valued working elsewhere. The grass is definitely greener!. Somewhat slow to change/introduce new things, though improving. 
Some red tape/inefficiency when requesting new equipment/access, though much better than it was.. Pay is really bad. 9.50 an hr around 12k a year for lvl 2 job
A lot of people on temp contracts
Progression slow
Doing same work as perm staff get paid less if temporary. Politics and the lack of accountability means that decisions are very hierarchical. Lower pay than some, not enough opportunities. Historic working practices still drive the general culture although this is changing.. Boring.
Behind the times technologically, many systems are old and out of date, often crash.. The diversity in the leadership perhaps could be improved. Hard to fit training in normal day job.. Can be frustrating and slow to make progress. Bureaucratic.. the low employee turnover speaks volumes for its comfort as a job but really limits progression opportunities. Repetitive work, non challenging tasks. It is now led by managing costs, as well who you know. Nodding your head seems a requirement in a head office led organisation. More like a PLC than a mutual !!!. no progression and low pay. The pay isn't that great. Not very transparent with its employees. low comparable wages, office politics. Poor pay, no progression. Lack of promotion chances.. The job is sales based as much as the company would pretend that it is not. There is weekend work involved, as a new starter you may be told a condition of working there is that you have to work every Saturday. You may earn less than your peers doing the same role who knew someone who worked there prior to getting the job, or people who worked there prior to pay caps being implemented on roles. Limited opportunities to progress if you don't work in a head office site. Some of the managers aren't nice to work with, you'll become a target if they don't like you. The pay doesn't reflect the stress associated with the work.. Slow paced
Regular restructures
Risk adverse
Low salary for role value
Can be difficult to get training opportunities. Management doesn't really care about the individual
You are treated like a cog in a machine
Self development is very much on your time unless relevant to your current role. Working through organisational change to become more agile.. As above, just trust me. IT, risk, hierarchy, leadership, pay. Fast paced and alot of systems to learn. Sometimes slow to respond to change and bureaucratic. None, it was a good place to work. Limited growth opportunity. No pay increase. The only thing I'd say is that Nationwide should create opportunities for a smooth transition of temporary workers into more permanent based roles.. Doesn’t follow industry standards in any of its skill practices. Favouritism is rife in the collections department
Poor hiring choice. Incredibly slow decision making, lots of sweeping cost cuts. Management is only concerned about numbers and sales figures. Worked for 5 years finally decided to leave and can honestly say I feel much better now. Poor work life balance. Lot of favouritism , poor salaries and not a healthy place to work. Lack of opportunity to develop. None that come to mind. Hard to build relationships with your team when not in person. Salaries are not the best in market. Sales role and micro management. Hierarchical
Poor Career Development/Training
Some manager/Directors "talk the talk" but don't actually "walk the walk". Other members of staff were very supportive.. Salary, further opportunities, uniform, weekend working. Going through large change programme. Hierarchical decision making, slow pace of change. Management will do anything not to speak to customers which infuriates them more. Busy & sometimes very stressful. progression to other teams is hard. sometimes slow to move due to financial regulation. Inconsistent care of employees-announced redundancies within period that stated no redundancies to make formal on 1st Jan, the day after the no redundancy period. A lot of focus around targets. Management are too lenient of certain employees
Company wastes money. no cons to the company. Very bureaucratic and slow decision making. - In four years no projects have gone live.
- Managers in my department create a one size fit for "good" designers. If you don't fit their exact definition, life becomes difficult. This is not what the rest of Nationwide seems to be like.
- To save money, the Bristol office has been closed. We are working from home, without a new contract to reflect this.. Slow decision making. Experience depends on manager. Aggressive management. Too often bullying was used as the preferred management style.. Not much development if you want to stay there. Salary could be better for work you do. Lower pay
Can be stressful at times. Red Tape Bureaucracy Silo’ed Slow to change. Low salary in comparison to competitors. Had a strange work culture
Managers are always on your back 
Constant changes of everything. nothing much to say in terms of cons. I don't think i have any.. Uninspiring culture. Personally it felt draining. Though I enjoy them as a customer.. the work itself can be challenging and there is a lot to learn in a short space of time. Terrible place to work. Led by idiots.. Forever changing processes 
Systems that don’t work well. none, sometimes management can prevent progression. Can be slow to make changes as bureaucratic but expected and does not interfere day to day. Can be a bit slow enforcing change and career progression minimal.. Management is poor and pay is awful. Competitive recruitment process, be prepared for thorough assessment centre activities and interviews. lack of feedback and competition 
people are way too nice so no room for criticism 
Everyone is very similar, so you if stick out, you'll stick out like a sore thumb. They love a good redundancy programme; constricted by building society business model; the marketing/advertising; salaries/benefits do not compare that well with peers; CEO insists on putting positive spin on haemorrhaging money.. Nothing I could say really. Lots of change 
Can be slightly short sited 
Lots of people. I can’t think of any cons. Very long hours, expected to cover colleague absence on top of your shift.. Jo Garner does not appreciate his staff at all. Increasing workload, removing bonuses and no salary increase. The job demand increased by 140% since I started the role, but pay increase was not even considered.. Some promotion stagnation during COVID. Legacy systems and governance for governance sake can mean that any kind of change is painful. Nature of being a mutual means investment in innovation is sparse. There isn't much career progression. too much work for too little money. Call centre life is horrific but that's not NBS fault it's just how life works. Change of management happens too frequently. Very process driven
Difficult to climb. Bonus is not always achievable. Career progression can be very difficult. You only get promoted if you move jobs within the organization.. Compared to banks when we operate differently. Risk of branch closures.. mainly based in swindon with little jobs offered outside of this location. Pay is not as high as peers. No cons as of yet. Change can be slow moving - large organisation. But they’re trying really hard to shift that and make progress possible more easily!. None that I can think of. No complaints that need to be mentioned. Nothing. Great place to work.. Upper management are too far removed from those on the ground - they are quick to tell you what to do but as they are that far removed they do not understand that it is not feasible all the time. They are not accepting of challenge either. - Salary and pay is poor for the role and the expectations within the role
- Banking technology and processes are old and out of date (not IT systems). Headquarters Location is Swindon, which isn't very exciting. A lot of work for minimal wage. Low salary and bonus on offer. Male dominance common theme
Gain limited influence by massaging egos of leaders or acceptance into big boys club
Who you know culture rather than what you know
Antiquated. Unfair advantages given to certain people when applying for promotions. Not paid for working Saturdays (given lieu instead). Not allowed targets so no commission - difficult to motivate colleagues to refer. Outdated role now that Nationwide have are moving to what they refer to as "The Digital World". Branches are remaining open, except some smaller ones that have closed already. Getting a job at the Swindon head office is a better idea than applying for a branch role - there are far more opportunities for progression.  Perhaps this would be the case for the offices in Northampton and Bournemouth as well. There was also a slight nasty, two faced culture in a lot of the branches which could be uncomfortable. Technology in branches is terribly outdated and you have to work between 5+ systems.. Little career progression
Repetitive and tedious. customers, repetitive, busy enviroment, elearnning. Slow career progression for those who want to progress. Too much pressure for target. Progression difficult outside of main offices. Sometimes the progression options are clear and you need to dig. I ended up leaving to get a degree. Restructures seem to be a regular feature so unsettling.. possible complacency that is too comfortable. Poor decisions, cost cutting ineffective and need to make bold decisions. None I could think of.. Repetitive over time, customer-focused but individual success measured against sales targets, no incentives, inbound sales so never know when you'll finish, progression limited to MC or FPM - need to study for CeMap or DipFA for these however.. Selling aspect Of role with no incentives. not always as progressive as you would hope (in terms of time to market). not the best salary, but it is not bad as well. Stressful role
Thought training program
Takes time to progress. Progression and pay reviews are not comparative in the market.. Pay not as competitive as other organisation in the industry. Risk adverse
Salary
Behind with technology
Redundancy risk
Top heavy management. Very slow career progression, once you’re an internal employee and get an internal promotion, you automatically go to the bottom of the next salary banding and can not negotiate. manager are like school children,
manager don't help with difficult calls. Work was a bit repetitive and not very challenging. They don’t value or acknowledge experience gained outside Nationwide
Very bureaucratic and hierarchical, several years after stating they were going to change
Poor behaviour is ignored/tolerated if perpetrator is senior. There is none to be honest.. Slow adjustment due to the way they funded and their leadership structure. - Customers can be a pain. Customers, rates, pay, incentives, small. Once trained, you're either left to it with no further help, or constantly observed.
You also have strict targets to stick to even though you're not supposed to sell things in the financial sector. It's supposed to be done for the good of the member but you are measured against goals and if you don't meet them you are placed on a support plan - this basically leads to being observed once a week and if you don't improve there can be serious consequences.
Branches are pitted against each other and things can get quite competitive between managers.
Get less pay than the same role in a bank, despite dealing with the same amount of work.. Honestly none, they are a great company.. Perhaps too relaxed
Male dominated at higher level. Pay isn't good enough for what we do
Attitudes of some customers. Management leads branches colour hours. nothing i can think of. Lack of diversity, slow to move/react, but they're very aware of it and improving. Low pay & low morale. Some things can be slow/lacking pace. Too much hierarchy, location centric. Most vacancies are at Swindon Head Office, if based elsewhere it can be hard to get promotion. Difficult to manage work life balance sometimes. Everything.The staff here are rude, offensive, unprofessional!!!. Certain roles can require experience in an arbitrary and unrelated position seen as a stepping stone to the new job.. not any i have found right now. Poor progression! On call too much.. Salaries could be more competitive. - No kitchen access to make a cup of tea (hot water tap and microwave in canteen but no sink or fridge)
- Large structure which sometimes complicated to navigate. not much opportunity for progression within the company. Recognition, people in higher positions get comfortable which makes progression very hard, cost cutting, bad decisions at the top (investment in business/commercial which went to waste), shared bonus pool. Too much reliance on expensive consultants and too little trust on permanent staff.. Structure can be overly hierarchy. Hard for an external hire to join.. Hard to manage customer expectation, very stressful for salary. So many 'lifers' who have stayed for 20+ years and stuck in their ways, promote based on who you know not performance, expect you to be in a role for 3+ years before promotion rather than looking at performance and capability, controlling managers. Career progression can be limited. Bullying, one rule for you another rule for others. Only if face fits. Different managers add their own rules. Not very nimble and quick. Can be bureaucratic and hierarchical at times, although this improving. I have had experience where poor performance was raised and nothing actioned, either due to friendships or culture. Nationwide has a tendency to feel safe and secure and I have seen people take advantage of it. The pros by far outlay the cons as a place to work though!. Can’t think of cons of working for Nationwide. Middle management are a joke. People who are now managers, started off as administrators and think they are now the best thing since sliced bread, very odd, most don't have any experience outside of Nationwide. Not sure if this is due to the HQ being based in Swindon but must certainly be a factor. Management issues inappropriately handled. Little room to progress, as no roles available and when one comes up it's massively oversubscribed. Lots of company-wide comms about wellbeing, unfortunately not always put into practice.. Poor management, lack of communication, no regular performance updates so you don't know where you stand and a work environment where certain behaviours were allowed to take place that should not be tolerated in any 21st Century company.. Big company means things can be slow and disjointed at times.. Productivity focused, not quality. Over the last year or 2 you are just a number a number which is a shame as it wasn’t always like that. No progression and numbers being reduced all the time so workload also increasing. Progression above lower level management is few and far between.. Very high level of ongoing change (process, tech strategy, re-orgs...). have to work weekends, role not varied enough. Parking, shifts and progression opportunities. they don’t care about staff. they talk about sales on a regular basis, but hide it with the word “expectation”. yearly bonus is dependant on hitting kpi, and not customer service as they sing and dance about. progression is limited, as individuals are chosen before the ad comes up. a ad only comes up to comply with regulations. fraud of a company.. - progression route not clear. If you’re temporary you lose a lot of benefits
Parking is awful. None actually, great organization to work at. Travelling by bus is OK if the buses run on time!. Management continuously increase workloads and responsibilities of your job but no extra pay is ever given or extra resource. Pay is starting at £19,500, which is a joke compared to Thames water also based in Swindon who pay £25,000 for the same role. No opportunities for career improvements other than outside of the department. not the best place for progression unless you rub shoulders with the right people and/or you are British.. Swindon head office so limited options to move for senior roles.. None great company to work for. Very difficult to move up the salary band at a decent rate, resulting in a need to move jobs regularly if you desire to increase your pay in any significant way.  

Training and development doesn’t have enough budget.  

Culture is still work in progress and there is still too much hierarchy resulting in slow decision making on occasion.. Doesn't require a much brain power, what's not scripted is obvious. Lack of progression. Very fast paced and changing but the changes are often very last minute. Job gets boring after 2+ years, plan your exit or next step fast.. Did not have enough staff working especially weekends
System was often down
Numerous managers extremely unhelpful. pay could be improved
length of service isn't everything. None I can think of.. Salary could be better
Management. Crumbling IT systems, inadequate training and communications, clique/family promotions.. Technology needs to progress at a faster rate. New online platforms offer not much reward but are so easy to use and support in managing money more effectively making them an easy choice!. Large company, takes time to get things done sometimes. Don’t move people around enough. Can take time to see new positions to progress. long hours and no overtime pay. Office politics, it's about who you know not what you know. Management really varies between depts. Meant to be able to speak up about anything, but don't feel like you can. Training is seriously lacking which means people give the wrong information and it affects customer service so they shoot themselves in the foot! Speed is awarded over accuracy. Bad communication. Need to advance technology wise, slow systems. High volumes for rubbish pay.. slow and limited progression. Training opportunities not the greatest. Overly complex structure. Initiatives come and go to often. Too much to focus on so little cuts through.. Not many branches, not many opportunities. - Truly woeful location for a head office
- Salaries very good for the local area but lower then competitors based in Bristol/London 
- Extremely limited connections to and from Swindon rail station
- Limited on site parking after 8am (you can literally see cars abandoned in the middle of the road).
- Traffic around Swindon can be horrendous after 4.15pm meaning that it can take well over 30mins to reach the train station or M4 Junction.
- No subsided usage of Swindon's public transport for employeees which isn't helping congestion and pollution around Swindon (shuttle buses that nationwide provide are often oversubscribed leaving many people stranded). 
- Main organisational strategy of recent times is to religiously focus on cutting costs in order to remain profitable (knee-yerk redundanices and restructuring having been arriving in waves throughout the past few years).
- Private healthcare has now been withdrawn for new starters (below senior management level). 
- Not a  particularly diverse organisation with middle and executive level overwhelmingly white and middle class. 
- Some really grotty toliets in Nationwide House.. HQ Swindon, pays less than most other FS companies, low performance related bonus, Slow to change. Traditional, challenged to change, internally focussed. Poor L&D, minimal progression unless you know someone
Targets inconsistent across branches. Stressful, no career progression unless you have friends or family in the company, expected to work long hours and accept it, deal with petty disciplinary actions when people's friends and familys get away with falsification of figures.. Salary low for the knowledge & expertise required. Working in Swindon and parking. Less progression than there used to be as they are starting to get rid of managerial jobs.  They have removed target driven bonuses which I feel has stopped people working as hard.. None, I love my time there. None that I can think of. Sometimes company hierarchy makes things harder
Siloed business units without common targets
Confusing strategy. Some idiots in charge
Overrun by consultancies. Individual managers fail to live up to the promise of the brand. A delivery time over delivery quality culture when it comes to IT and Systems.. Career progression is limited 
Long hours as I’m in Westfield. Career can be stagnant, if living in areas with limited branches the chances to progress are slim, if your willing to relocate there will be opportunities.. Apparently, those that can, do, those that can't, manage.  Creating a governance and oversight function that outnumber the commercial teams, is costly lunacy.  In an almost blemish free organisation (with the regulators); when teams are struggling with work capacity, is having 5 people, to mark one persons 'homework', an appropriate or efficient use of members money??  Ally this to career managers who look to fill the safe ground between strategy and operations, are the shiny new  Mental Health ads, so NBS are seen to fall in line with current social conscience or in recognition of the long-term issues that an inordinate number of employees have suffered?. Change can take quite a long time to happen as there are legacy systems that can be restrictive, though they're trying to address this with new systems. 
The current environment is very much cost saving so there are not many promotions happening.. Nothing to be fair they are the best. Pay is less compared to competitors.. If you get hired externally you get higher salary than internal candidates. ExCo members can be duplicitous saying one thing and doing the other
Bullying covered up as ‘strong management’.  No, it is bullying when you shout and swear
Constant restructuring without a strategy other than cut costs
Senior contractors know nothing of our values and are disruptive but are celebrated
A good culture at risk of becoming toxic. The pay is quite low. Constant phone calls that ask a lot of you & multi-tasking
4-weekly rotating shift patterns are a little too much. Pay is very low, just a little bit more than min wage. I worked in Risk department and the particular team I worked in had high turnover due to a toxic environment and culture led by some terrible senior managers. People are undermined and treated with little trust or respect.. salary is low would be better if a few pounds more per hr. Salaries are so low the bonus and pension are meaningless, with no opportunity to increase it outside of the annual inflation bump,

The worst bullying culture I've seen in a workplace, and unfortunately this is rewarded,

Complete lack of ownership across the business,

No direction from the business, for instance they've removed targets for sales roles but still act like they are there during 1-2-1's,

There is a consistent level of incompetence in all areas across the business, and a huge separation between the retail network and head office.. Little tolerance for new starters
Made to work an extra 30-60 minutes each day unpaid (apparently this has since been reversed)
(Some) patronising management
Sales, banking culture, not the helpful Building Society they portray themselves as. Middle management playing politics with staff members.. Limited progression at times, have to worknmany Saturdays. Some Branch premises need updating. Speed of change. A few playing politics.. The culture needs reviewing at senior management level. Not many cons to date. Resourcing levels can be a challenge. no cons all is well within the organisation. HR policies could be perceived as lenient as some employees take advantage however I still look at this as a positive.. Most head office based roles are based in the south, but if you’re prepared to travel the opportunity is there, 
The competition is the strongest it’s ever been with some challenger banks being more innovate with their approach.. No overtime no bonuses etc. Project delivery tends to be slow. Very slow to change. Poor technology .. Poor incentive structure, weak technology. No training was given just asked to get on with things. Can work in silos at times. Not many cons other than lack of progression. Not much progress so far. Salary far below the industry benchmark, with refusal to rectify resulting in dozens of experienced employees leaving 

Job security minimal as a result of consecutive redundancy programmes. Sexist culture. Poor management. Poor pay. They say they support work life balance but don’t evidence this.. Pay and development and false sense of job security. Little opportunity for progress.. Limited progression past a certain point. Everyone is always 'busy' and there alot of duplication and wasted effort.
Still a hierarchical culture 
Higher level management need to adapt and change to a more Agile way of working - this in turn will mean we can be quicker to get things done.. Red tape slows things down but definite focus to improve. Hard sell, targets, poor work life balance. -Soo many snitch’s
-Progression is available if your in a relationship with someone high up 
-Managers can be very petty and patronising  
-Abusive customers. No Points as of now. They claim they look after their members and their money load of rubbish, the senior managers only look after their pockets.Tell me a company that is quick to offer compensation when its clear that the customer in question is wrong. The staff are highly underpaid and there is a massive gap between what the managers that do nothing earn and the staff that slave for them. one of the most boring and lifeless environment i have ever worked in.. As the business expands and areas become larger, the community which makes Nationwide special is being taken apart. As teams turn into 'communities', ironically there is less of a community. No one knows what anyone else is doing and this negatively effects branch engagement.. Micromanagement 
Lack of flexibility 
No parking. A team with only internally hired senior figures gets trapped in group think; a team with a head that was externally hired can forget mutual values at times.. Scope for promotion is severely limited. The cost challenge internally ensures that if anyone leaves at their own accord, the first question that is asked is "can we do without this role". In many ways that is fair enough! Any company has the right to structure itself anyway it likes, but it can be frustrating if you've been eyeing a particular job up for a while. 

Nationwide also takes forever to get anything done - needs to work on its agility in a big way.. Salary, slow advancement, siloed, parking, risk averse. More development is focused on graduate program and not other entry level jobs
Slow to adopt new technologies. Due to the companies size they do usually promote people without any management experience and with no  support to develop. I’ve left my jobs as Some of the comments from my senior manager were actually quite racist.. The company can be a bit too bureaucratic at times.. Not amazing pay at the start of your career, at around £17000, but they are willing to negotiate for the right person. Market leading benefits package though, so it's about more than the pounds in your pocket.. eventually tedious, long road to progression. Forthcoming systems investments are welcomed. It is almost impossible to progress at a career, I chose nationwide because I believed that was important to them however it’s very much nowhat you know but who you know that gets you anywhere. Lack of progression even though they have progression routes in place (the academy).. salary 
you're just a number as in any big corporate. hierarchical structure and not enough focus on efficiency. My current role is stretched. Working at about 150% so there's not enough time in the day and the absence of assistant manager's means delegation is next to impossible. Burnout is a real issue.. Entry level salary can be low, but regular reviews make it really easy to increase this quickly!!. You have to work retail hours, which means weekends. Hours at this particular branch. Lots of systems can make learning harder. High preassure and alot of complaints so you are always going 100mph. Still too much process, dynamic working is improving, project costs and timescales can be long, parking onsite is an issue,. Fast pace environment and forever changing. No movement in terms of working Saturdays. False promises. Awful Pay.. None that I can think of. Sometimes a bureaucratic - lots of people who have tenure of 20-30 years and have never worked elsewhere who are resistant to change. communication, at times, needs improvement however this has come a long way already. Entry level pay but regular reviews and opportunities to improve pay.. Poor project management, slow to adopt and progress change. Not a particularly forward facing organisation, it is difficult to break through decades of established process and takes a long time to make decisions. Whilst individual roles are well specified there are few clear paths for progression and often career advancement needs to be outside the organisation. Decision making and management of projects, there are consistent planning and funding issues. They say they aren’t target driven but they are, so many horrible customers. Cant think of any then ... None that is critical enough to negatively affect a determined individual.. Departmental and HR comms are very poor.. Deadend job, low salary,. Location of the HQ is not great.. Becomes very repetitive and you would want to find new challenges. Stress and feeling like a number.. Can be cliquey and mostly men in higher rolls. Low pay and too many targets. The systems used do not contribute fully to productuvity.. 2 year lock in after qualification date on study fees. low pay
time constraints
staff care non existent 
no breaks
low mileage. 1) Terrible wage of £16k
2) Asked to get to desk half an hour before shift starts, and told you are late if the obsolete computers fail to boot up
3) Too many managers that walk around and have chats rather than actually do anything
4) No scope for progression
5) 'Snitch' culture - if you make one minor mistake the employee will CC your manager in an email no matter how benign
6) Call volume extremely high while there are 3 or 4 employees walking around selling pizza
7) Forced to take a whole hour for lunch
8) Hardly any weekends off
9) No respect for people's skill sets

As a good friend once said: It's half-way between a school and a prison. Not as much employee development as initially indicated. Slow to do things and deliver change. I didn't like the hours. low pay
pressure constantly 
not rewarded enough. Very corporate, sometimes stressful, very repetitive basically a sausage factory. Demanding work and very little room for error. Typical big company bureaucracy and hierarchy.. not many opportunities for career progression. Very uptight and hierarchical. Focuses on people’s grades rather than treating them as individuals. Sometimes comes across over the top with the nicey niceness. unorganised and untrained staff need to stop waffling. Bonus scheme doesn't reflect individual performance so you don't feel like you can make an impact.. low salaries, office based in Swindon. Hierarchy, change in culture away from pride. The salary/ bonus could be more competitive. Poor management. Very hierarchical and beauracratic.. There is no cons I can think of. Bonus and pay could be closer to market anchor. -It's a big organisation so you're just a number
-Managers can make life difficult
-Career progression may be difficult as there is lots of competition. Not the most update company with IT. 

My leaving was role specific.. Long shifts with some angry customers can be draining.. Promotion depends on who you know, annual rating depends on how close you are to your manager. Colleagues are generally nice.  Bad behaviours are not dealt with.. Changes to role and team moves can happen unexpectedly. The pay could be improved and free parking given. Not easy to progress your career.. Can be very slow at getting things over the line and projects could be faster and not go on as long. Very hard to progress further in the company as a lot of middle management jobs are with people looking to keep their career at that level.. Three absences from work will see you placed on a 'Health Plan' requiring a Doctor's note for any upcoming illness. Absences are then used in patronising way against you in 1-2-1s which contribute to your end of year/annual review. In which, you are given a rating that dictates your bonus... Any excuse the company can use, will be used to stop you getting a half decent end of year rating, which in turn stops you getting a half decent bonus (Probably due to having a banking mentality) although they are of course a Building Society and are different....

This cut costs mentality can be understandable in an economic climate such as 2007 but the recession was many years ago and with steady growth predicted for the coming years (despite Brexit scaremongering) you'd think they would put a permanent fix to the lifts that keep breaking down, meaning taking the stairs on your 10 minute break. You will then get a petulant email from your line manager asking why you are 2 minutes over your break time.. Just come to my desk and ask me?

The company also now employ a 'Supply your own plastic cup' rule. Where there are water dispensers without cups. Therefore if you haven't brought your cup in, be prepared to go thirsty. (Cut costs mentality)

Your opinion will be ignored, Nationwide often ask for employee feedback and then discard it, the best example of this was the Christmas party, staff were asked to vote for the venue they wanted, one venue won by a clear margin, but the other venue was selected (Cut costs mentality)

Once you are taking calls and no longer in training, your training will consist of GCSE standard PowerPoints and handouts are in black and white, again cutting costs with that banking, I mean Building Society mentality.

The salary is supposedly industry competitive but competitors in the area offer a superior salary. Before advertising this, research should have probably been done.. 

They operate an absolute zero tolerance on mobile phones at desk policy. However if you are a manager, this does not apply to you. Some managers even have two phones at their desk.

Any disciplinary is done through a 'HR' where someone from the other side of the country will come and speak to you as well as your manager where they will analyse your statistics, this will last 30 minutes.. Or 5 minutes if your manager just spoke to you at your desk about it.

If you plan on travelling from out of town to do this job, be prepared to pay for parking at nearby car parks as the on-site car parking facilities are very small and you will need to get there 50 minutes before your shift to get in and also make sure you have a passenger or you will be turned away. Once the front desk were actually handing out handheld alarms for female employees to use the car park down the hill.

Extra curricular work that helps in career progression often involves work outside of normal working hours, fair enough. However, be prepared to be out of pocket expenses while your receipts for spending your own money are 'processed' for weeks and a refund is done.

In summary, Nationwide has a good reputation and says it cares for its employees, in practice it really doesn't. There are very little job opportunities within the building itself and achieving a higher pay bracket is so unattainable that you'd almost think they don't want you to achieve. The company has outdated practices this is largely due to being an old fashioned bank trying to operate in the 21st Century, with rigid processes and a hierarchy that are out of touch with the office. The people in positions of power clearly do not trust those in the lower end of the company to do their job properly, therefore everything you do is monitored and therefore this level of distrust can only demotivate an individual.

If you do work for the company, do not try and work from the bottom and try progress up, you will spend a longer time than you first intended, colours will become paler, the air will get heavier and your happiness levels will suffer.. nothing loved working here for 10 years. Pay, careers opportunities, lied too. Layers and Layers of management who show no leadership whatsoever
Values length of service above quality of work
Performance Management is very broken - Poor Objectives and no real management of poor performance
Role definition is poor
Very few career development and growth opportunities. Middle management out of touch with the workers. Stuff gets done because of the team in spite of the managers, not because of.  

Ambition is huge, but still too slow at actually making the changes to enable this. The talent get frustrated quickly and become restless.

Swindon.. Poor Training provided for interns. Slow progression 
Outdated systems 
Employee turnover. However well you performed, there is no concept of encouraging people via promotion. if you wish to move up wait for a vacancy and apply for it. The internal interview process is as same as external candidates. You can be good at what you do but if you fail to explain it in competency based interview ( not everyone is good at communication especially Technical people) you don't get it.. Pay is lower than market average, poor poor  location, little to no progression opportunities, lack of diversity - majority are white and middle class,  extremely slow paced, a lot of senior people don’t seem to have a clue what they are doing, extremely  poor management and leadership. A strategy that no one understand and knows how to deliver.  People stay here for a long time which means same boring ideas and ways of working. Challenge is discouraged.. Slow, sluggish, lack of direction from many (mostly white and male) middle management.  An organisation that knows it needs to change but doesn't know how.. they work on really old type of system early 90s style. - Pay is slightly below market rate. I think Nationwide have an identity crisis. Firstly they drill it into you that we are for the members and are looking out for their best interests. But on the other hand they are finding sneaky ways of encouraging you to up sell still. I mentioned to management that they aren't supposed to track appointments being booked and yo state how many we should be booking as they could lead to pressured sales which is heavily regulated. The response was it's fine we can still do this which is not correct. The lack of progression is worrying, they don't seem to want to retain young eager professionals and no negotiating is possible when you let them know you're leaving.. - Although the facilities are great, its location is less desirable. Underpaid, lots to learn and understand,  customers can be very rude, bonus cut from quarterly to once a year. Being a building society feels like it is now hampering the speed of deployment of some much need change and update to real estate and tech. With the emphasis on protecting the members money quite rightly it can be hard to see things done at pace. While reputation is everything to the society the line of checking to get change through can be enormous.. Opportunities are low for progression. Parking is a nightmare after 8.30am. Slow in changes due to legacy governance process. Low salary and frustrating at times for progression. The nature of call centre work in general can be challenging. Salary needs to be reviewed. Salary lower than work you actually do. Have worked in financial services for a decade with experience at 5 or 6 institutions. Nationwide are by far the worst.
Clueless and inept management where it's unclear why they were promoted. 
Dull work and feels like a school. 

Felt very much disposable and just a number. Temporary workers were regularly told whether their contract would be extended or not a few days before the contract was due to expire, don't care about people.. Noise from open plan office, emotionally draining if in a customer facing possition, no security/ benefits for temps. The location isn't great, the building is over subscribed for the number of people in it. The general level of capability is lower than similar organisations and it can be quite process orientated - rather than focusing on the outcomes. Need to update equipment and technology although they are investing in this going forward.
Aside from pension, benefits are limited. Leadership needs a shake up. Can lean towards consensus to often. Sometimes quite challenging, but hey. It is more like a sales job than anything else. Job progression can be very slow at times. Vacancies are very limited and there can be too many applicants for one position.. It can be a slow moving organisation but that is beginning to change.
Competency based interview ties their hands - those who manage to communicate the competencies better get the job ahead of others who don't handle the interview so well. Occasionally the wrong person gets the job.
Don't believe the salary range for advertised jobs, the upper half of the range is unachievable to start with or in the early years in the role.. - Low salary - Some management was really poor - Hard to progress or move around departments. No opportunity to progress. Low wages even when progressing compared to other firms, hard to advance outside your department, Team managers of variable quality. Pathetic money couldn't even cover my basic bills
No progression. 
Favouritism. Work-life balance is an issue sometimes. Head office in Swindon, very few opportunities for progression if you didn't want to move.. Progression can sometimes be difficult. Money is low, and you are often running on minimum resource meaning a large workload. Saturday's are contracted and owed back, meaning 6 day weeks are often but time owed builds up.... None  that I can think
Of!. All the senior level/Analyst roles in finance department are spoken for well before the interviews. Many a time job requirement requires qualified or part qualified but the jobs are given for unqualified person.. Lots of evening finishes and weekends. Progression is limited, not many roles come up to move up. Occasionally they can be a bit disorganised. For example setting you up on systems can take a while.. Nothing you wouldn't experience elsewhere.. The pace of change. However, this is improving.. Overworked and underpaid for the amount of work that is expected.. Poor pay, angry customers. Management and senior levels always put pressure on the retail staff. Always changing the goal post and falsely promising promotions.. Very poor for progression. I was surpassing norms (outcomes) on a regular basis bit never received the recognition. Passed an interview to be a personal banker but my role change was 'delayed for unknown reasons. Senior management were rude no matter the branch, egotistic and back chatters. There's better banks to work for in terms of pay and progression.. Pockets of resistance "we've been fine like this for the past 140+ years", slow to acknowledge staff struggling.. Everything. Manager sucked. Owner was a jerk. Travel to Swindon unnecessarily if you are based in a London office. No room for progression...it’s about who you know not what you know. Management in my current department is poor!. Seemingly endless rules and regulations, some of which seem to serve no purpose other than to make life more difficult.

Progression opportunities are few and far between.. Not as good as it used to be. Turning into a bank culture. Tried to hide the fact that you were targeted by calling them "Norms" and saying they were to give you an idea of what you should be doing. Quarterly bonus was majorly effected if you missed you "norm" for just 1 of the 3 months. 
Salary's were reviewed yearly however is you negotiated a slightly higher than basic salary when you joined you were not eligible for the first salary review even if you had exceeded all "norms" and been there nearly a full year at that point.
If you worked in a small branch you normally had to work 3 in 4 Saturdays instead of 1 in 4 and were given very little opportunity to take the time off in lieu as a result by the end of the year smaller branches often had people who had acquired a couple of weeks lieu days.. Traditional working practises can make for slow progress, but can be overcome with the right approach and attitude. Must be present culture that is slowly changing.. Target driven without saying it’s target driven, do more work than you’re paid for. Having to start early finish later and work for free, chavvy customers. Too bureaucratic, too many org changes, takes too long to make decisions.. Wasteful, and far more corporate that it would like to admit
Many lies told and considerable redundancies in the last 2 years
Head office culture is embarrassing and very slow to act. I moved on because they were extending the working hours as it would affect the time I spent with my kids.. Can be slow to adopt change. very figures orientated and money driven. Very slow paced work. No clear guidance or structure. Used to be a nice place to work but  it is lost nowadays in the hands of incopetent and damaging partners such as IBM and Accenture.. Limited opportunities but has changed now with Caledonia house. Not much opportunity to progress unless you live close to Swindon or Bournemouth. There are none that I can think of.. the customers themselves can be awful but thats what happens in a customer facing role. No really pay structure people get paid the same for doing very basic admin tasks against people who work in a risk side. There haven’t been any to date. Nationwide has very little opportunities for progression and if an opportunity appears, it doesn't matter how much you have done, it's all about who you know.. can be better with getting. Care about quantity rather than quality. Encourage poor customer service if it gets things done quicker and makes them more money.. - Branch staff are grossly underpaid for the work we do. This leads to a lack of morale and a very high staff turnover rate, particularly amongst Customer Representatives
- Head Office out of touch with what life is like in branch, so they often make decisions without consulting those of us on the front line. 
- Some managers can be very inconsistent in their approach
- policies are not enforced equally across the branch network. Change resistant, low progression, not very commercial. Executive and Board are sometimes self-serving and out-of-touch.  Accountability often doesn’t stretch to the top.
Fail to set high or stretching standards for themselves.  This building society could be so much more.
Limited career opportunity, especially if you don’t drink same kool-ade as senior managers.. No room to progress
Wrong people in the wrong place
Training is non-existent, you're just expected to know what to do
High expectations for very little reward
Changes are poorly implemented and inconsistent. The pressure to budget is evident. It seems that the Management lack experience in the appropriate areas. The company contradict their principles. Nothing it is very very great. Supportive Managers
Opportunities for self development and mentoring
Flexible hours
Dynamic working
Challenging work
Good work life balance. Often takes a very long time to get something done. There are the same political issues within Transformation which were there 5 years ago.. There is nothing, i would recommend this company to everyone. Sometimes too structured, very hard to progress unless you know someone. Lack of direction
Ambiguity and uncertainty. Systems are out dated and always seem to cause issues. - Problems with staff retention resulting in low staffing in branches.
- Target driven (even though they say they are not).
- You're just a number.
- Promotions seem to be based on who you know rather than what you know.
- Underpaid and overworked 
-Strong disconnect between different department 
-. Management allow bullying to take place to co-workers and lack of action taken by management on reckless individuals.
Favouritism of co-workers, extremely ‘cliquey’ to get anywhere.
Development, with lack of opportunities to develop in the first place - leaving you feeling stagnant.
Process is contradicting making the job itself impossible to do.
Computers are incredibly slow making it impossible to do your job.
Unrealistic targets, making you feel deflating and to the point of not caring.
Constantly chopping and changing with lack of communication to any business areas.
Constant ‘you don’t do enough’ atomosphere, making people feel unmotivated to do more.. High levels of bureaucracy, so bad it's stiffling at times and extremely frustrating. If you are working in the retail branch network there is almost zero chance of career progression although you can increase your chances if your face fits, even if you are low skilled. The pay is abysmally low. However there is a mysterious, unusual loyalty from the long serving staff. (I used to be one of them.) The top management creates this Pied Piper effect very effectively that gives people a false sense of security and pride. They spent millions on a 'big event' last year which was full of corporate propaganda and an absolute waste of money which they could have used to give the staff a little Christmas bonus which they used to give.. Joe Garner. He does not fit with our culture and is slowly killing off a lot of what we do (apart from mortgages which is thriving - at the moment!). The downside is that you have to relocate from other parts of the UK and there are few other major employers.. poor pay, outdated systems, boring work. Poor management, arrogant and untrained/uneducated and ignorant, just horrid.
Very low salary for the amount of work, stress and high targets.. hours can be long sometimes. Limited salary in relation to comparable roles with other companies. Progression is very dependent on the specific department.. Micro management and not enough opportunity for progression. Lack of advancement opportunities outside Swindon. HO too far from any where. Everything! Treat their staff and customers like dirt!. Targets, targets and more targets. Very little communication of changes. Even in the same role, different teams work differently to each other because it depends who your manager is and whether they bothered informing you of new procedures. No consistency. You get failed on quality checks before you’ve even been told that the goal posts had changed. And woe betide you if you are temporary and get pregnant. I’ve seen it twice in the last two weeks. Women have either been terminated or moved to another role so that the managers don’t have to deal with the “problem”. Personally, I’m looking for another job and will be closing my Nationwide accounts. Also, work systems are terribly old, and you often have to use two or three systems when one should be enough. There’s also a lot of copying and pasting because the systems you use don’t communicate - no different really to the general lack of communication amongst the management to their teams. If you want to work some place civil and humane, this isn’t the company.. It is harder to progress internally. Very politically correct 
Constant change not communicated well. awful manager, open plan office felt like a dorm, lobby smelled terrible, not enough parking. They do not care about parents.They have declined my request for more flexible hours and have not been supportive although I am struggling to find adequate childcare .i only requested to finish slightly early one day a week and it was declined .. CEO rubbish and is cancelling lots of jobs.. Internal Process provides adequate control but, also means the company makes poor decisions to get things done quickly and hemorrhages money on Business Transformation. It is members' money and it is horrible to see money get wasted as a result of decisions where the right people haven't been engaged.

From a career progression stance, there are good opportunities at Nationwide. They will try and employ internal applicants in most cases however, they should be more transparent with what they are looking for in a candidate rather than being nicey nice and wasting their time.

The internal promotions process is shocking. I was offered a role at a competitor and a role at Nationwide however, purely due to a process, they would not even consider negotiating salary. When asked to provide evidence behind their decision not to, they were unable to. For this reason, I decided to leave.. Performance management, hierarchy in place.. Some extra work out of pay but this is something that happens across all jobs. If you love what you do this shouldn’t matter too much.. Not much parking space
Can be a little disorganised at times. Very few. Not as many opportunities or path into management as you'd expect.. - most of the main roles are based in Swindon, which isn't the most exciting location. very clichy - you better be the managers favourite if there is a promotion coming up, they prefer you to stay where you are unless you actively look to progress

Bonus was ever shrinking which made no sense for a company breaking records in terms of its finances. Employee bonuses should not be affected by the company investing in infrastructure. Tolerance of ineffective leadership
Risk intolerance slows decisions, limits initiative and delays actions. Worked in the Glasgow admin centre, poor facilities, unclean office/toilets, poorly run office /management don’t have a clue high staff turnover, waited 40 minutes to be interviewed initially. Poor training , the training material is outdated for what is required and the software used doesn’t work. Would not recommend.. Limited to a very low risk institution. Very little accountable freedom
Significant governance that slows everything to a snails pace
Dated management styles - manage through segregation, fear of punishment, 'I know best' mentality, very limited leadership through motivation, inspiration.. Car park can take ages to get out of in the evening.  
Lots of cost cutting and redundancies at the moment.. Car parking can be tricky and finding a free desk can be hard if hot desking. Strategic direction of the organisation is cost cutting without care for its people. Can be long hours. Surprisingly disorganised for an organisation with a straightforward structure.   Traffic around the head office can be very heavy meaning it can take a long time to get to work during normal commuting hours.. Hierarchical - worst that I’ve witnessed in my career. 
Micro management by leader who was not experienced in role. 
Poor management - felt bullied and targeted. People managers who don’t have people management skill set - in role due to time in company. 
People - on surface it appears like there is vast amounts of team spirit. Reality is (based on my experience), very much a back stabbing culture. 
Turnover - people are very much institutionalised as vast amount have been there 15 years plus. Impacts productivity and success of change as views are very single minded and not driving out of box thinking. 
Gaps in pay from manager to employee was £30k which I find ludicrous given it was 1mgr to 2 employees. 
Not an employer I would return to, despot the offer.. ....underneath the service NBS is a corporate Monster.  Its so hierarchical, the SLT seem to look after themselves, and people further down the chain get a raw deal and treated with a lack of respect.  

NBS think PRIDE is some unique thing that only they do (its not) and its pushed down your throat at every turn.  Its like being in a cult!

They spent £10m hiring out the NEC for a week to do a new corporate launch, got a new CEO in who got £2m signing on fee (google it) to join and he said we at the launch we are all one family, a mutual blah blah then had a mass cull of staff (SLT unaffected obviously).

There are a lot of managers in positions above their abilities, getting paid huge money, purely because they have been there for years.

Finally the amount of 121s that take place, I had weekly manager catch ups, monthly 121's, I had to produce so many examples constantly to justify a payrise.  If they cut all of that nonsense out and just let people get on with things they could save money on middle managers who are there to just do 121's and have a happier workforce!. - Experience differs greatly by Community (Division). Certain areas still very hierarchical and extremely political - can hinder decision making.
- Dynamic Working in some areas where only 1 desk to every 3 individuals in Swindon, HQ
- Interview process a headache - too long and can take weeks/months to get a response. 
- No chance of parking at HQ after 8am Mon-Thurs unless a visitor or car-share. 
- End of Year review process convoluted for the employee - asked to self verify standard of performance across the year through a lengthy online process. 
- Progression sometimes difficult and glass ceiling when you get to middle management levels.. - Slow to innovate
- lost of people have been there way too long and become complacent
- Due to the above, decisions are made on rank or higher paid opinion, rather than data
- Slow progression and clear development plans
- Lack of recignition for high achievers. I can't think of anything really.. There is a constant shifting of goal posts. You are told that if you achieve individual targets or 'norms', you will get paid a bonus. However, even if you exceed your target, during performance reviews, there will be one reason or the other why you will not be paid the full bonus or anything at all. 

In the retail sector, professional growth is limited to becoming a branch manager, a mortgage advisor or a financial planning manager. This is because the roles within different areas are never available as there are few opportunities. 

The pay at different levels is not commensurate with other banks and building societies. However, in true capitalist fashion, the salaries and bonuses of the CEO and top directors kept rising, while the retail sector kept getting their pay reduced for different reasons.. Work staff like slaves in call centres and expect too much
Too probing with appointments and ask such personal information
Support isn't always there with work
not all management know what they're doing and seem to have been handed there job rather than earned it
long winded interview process
high turover, so many people leave the role. Robotic work, Not the best for progression,. Bonus, Lack of clarity on progression, Red Tape. Too structured with depleted atmosphere. The company is trying to run with too few staff making workloads and expectations very high. Constant change is a feature of the work which can be good but is unnecessarily high volume so it makes peak performance a challenge.. Can't think of any cons. Remuneration lower than some competitors. - Levels upon levels upon levels
- No development
- Will be treated like dirt if your a temp or contractor
- No career progression
- Many people are acting busy
- Bad vibe in the environment
- Who you know, not how good your skills are
- Workers thinking their better people because of their levels
- Far too many cliques
- Micro management
- No real people managers, promoted by default 
- Your face has to fit
- A lot of fake/prestige people
- No real collaboration across the society - Many people working on same stuff
- Too much secrecy 
- Conform or leave attitude
- Many simple efficiencies missing
- Egotistical & materialistic people
- Rarely any open thinking or creative ideas
- Poor salaries compared to the same roles in banks
- No motivational or inspirational characters
- You can't be yourself
- You will be asked to something for the sake of it rather than any value add
- Tasks are broken down far too much, 1 person could do 3 peoples jobs
- Takes an age to do anything and far behind due to being stuck in their ways
- Far too many benefits for middle & upper management compared to lower level
- Old systems
- Pay for customer facing roles are far too low, they are the face of your company!
- Have to take extra care of how you're perceived
- Very political & judgemental 
- Across roles at same level around 10 times over 5 years rather than up levels
- Meetings for meetings sake
- The same idea/process from years ago will be brought back over and over
- Parking can be a drama
- Stingy on PRIDE budgets
- Members money is not being spent most wisely
- Too much spent on luxury transport and accommodation
- No real rewards or recognition
- Feels as though friends are picked over experience or skillsets for teams
- Too many tests to shift liability of anything from society to employee. Not a consistent approach across the Society. Some very silo'd areas of the business that operate in their own way.. Most managers only care about their ego and their wallets. It's  very difficult to progress (unless you're a graduate, then it's practically given to you). There is too much favouritism  and not enough meritocracy.. Intimidating environment. Lots of harassment and extremely rude people. Lack of promotion opportunities for lower job levels. Internal politics and lazy middle management were frustrating and at times demotivating. Toxic culture
Poor wages
Target driven rather than caring about customers or staff. Poor motivation due to being stuck behind a screen all day. Projects can take some time, but as a large organisation this is sometimes to be expected - perhaps due to the dated IT infrastructure - and this may be a concern for the agility of NBS when heading towards digital.. Hard to start with if no prior experience, pay could be a lot more for how much a CR does. Senior management are in some cases Jurassic in their style. Lots of favouritism over ability, progression is based on looks and gender, you'll guess which when you get there!. Not as agile in today’s society as perhaps needed to move with the times. Compliance can sometimes control service and that cant be right for the customer. Northampton building needs serious money spending on it to make it fit for purpose. Some managers more interested in point scoring than pulling together.. High pressure environment, threatening HR action when targets weren't met no matter how close you were, call times had to be 288 seconds average no matter the time of year/supervisor or not, broken systems. management were poor, if your face fit you got promoted not by merit.. Low salary 
Long internal policy
Differences in management styles across departments
Old it system
Long change system 
Hierarchical 
Swindon centred. Pay is very low
not a lot of career progression - very time in service based rather than hard work
bonus has changed better for the company rather than employees
no more perks such as staff mortgage discounts
sales based with no financial reward
very repetitive and boring. Bureaucratic, highly risk adverse. Far too many meetings rather just getting on with it. Internal policies, particularly pay rises for promotions are a joke.. Systems are outdated and could be simplified!. Based entirely out of the head office, culture of not taking ownership or management making decisions. Sales linked to bonus. Slow decision making 
Lack of loyalty at middle management. The organisation is going through a large period of change at the moment, but this simply isn't managed well. What was once a great place to be, is now slowly becoming poorly managed. This is partly because Nationwide has a demographic of people being there for 20+ years in some management roles who play lip service to the changes that need to happen, but when it comes to it, have no ability at all to lead change as Nationwide is all they know. This is particularly obvious in the Architecture area where an obsession with hierarchy in the senior leader team stents growth and confidence for people in the more "junior" roles. It's not uncommon for some of the more senior leaders to point blank ignore you unless they want something  - sadly this isn't something that Nationwide advertises to the outside world on its career page. Other cons include:
- The Swindon location is absolutely bursting at the seams - get there by 08:15 or you won't get a desk or a car parking space (and this is even with god knows how many people working at home on a daily basis)
- Main reception in all the Swindon sites look great, but get behind these and you'll find offices that are filthy, dated and need serious TLC - the toilets in particular are just destroyed from years of use. How much is a new toilet guys?!
- Holiday packages for roles with 2.2 and below are very poor compared to the market (HR say its OK as their manual tells them it is) 
- Providing company cars seems to be a lottery - but its OK, HR have a manual they read once in 1989, swallowed, and never passed it out again!
- The organisation is in chaos at the moment with change directed from the CEO but the "leaders" who have been there for 20+ years have little ability to direct change because they know nothing other than Nationwide-  a massive risk I feel
Career progression is driven by length of service in some areas and not capability.. Little progression and low pay at case owner level.. Good working conditions in the branches. Politics 
Permanent staff salaries are low compared to other companies in the industry
Micro management - no clarity of expectations
Work life balance is preached but not practiced. If you enter Nationwide at an entry level job, say telephony, then God be with you.   for the compensation be no reward for the high stress, very high expectations and lack of inspiration or value you should feel from higher echelons of the company.  You will be looked down on.   Yes, you can move up in the company and actually there is an unwritten rule that its to be expected but when going for management roles you'll find that if you're not in the 'club' or have friends who are in the right places - its going to be hard.

Generally, driven by big egos who are indecisive and have no management skills but are managers! figure that one out.  Who constantly have meetings and seem to decide on nothing, oh and when they do,  the decision, its  very often a complete disaster.  I don't know if this is typical of financial services, but here its like going one step forward only to go two steps backwards.   Nationwide, too has  a state-of-the-art digital structure but the implementation is poor, like most of their other internal systems.. no major cons, maybe the salary could be a bit higher. - Mico-management
- Some teams have a hostile environment 
- Some managers bully staff into feeling isolated 
-  Valued are not all lived up to as you would expect 
- Interview process was fast but it took months before being recruited 
- You are often spoken about in front of by managers and not addressed yourself
- You should expect no understanding on medical circumstances. Internal Politics can make progress slow. Car parking at both ends of the day. Some people have been here so long they can see the potential for change. Not much to do in Swindon. Seem to have lost some friendliness in the last few years. - working lots of extra hours with no additional pay. not the highest paying company. Not the fastest  moving or most innovative company, geography of admin sites can be limited with not many options to move between sites.. Takes  ages to her back from managers. Trying to embrace change too swiftly and making cutbacks resulting in risk exposures.. The management team are not interested in helping. Difficult to get things done quickly which can be frustrating and demotivating in long term. Swindon Location and lower pay compared to other banks. Huge amount of change lately, people under pressure. Can be a bit slow in their processes.. Very boring, rude customers occasionally.. In the first line risk team where I work, management are very aggressive - supposed to live by PRIDE values but I’ve never seen this in action. It’s a culture led by the local management. Hopes are that it’ll change with the new Director due to start in November.  Attiture to work is that mediocre outputs are ok. Lots of cost ‘efficiency’ initiatives ongoing, ranging from removing paper towels in toilets to redundancy programmes. Systems go down all the time (intranet hasn’t worked for over a week) and there’s a culture of over-praising the recovery effort vs investing to get it right the first time. Showing all the signs of a small firm that’s grown too quickly.. Management are so focused on saving budget, the workload can me unmanageable, often expecting you to cover two people's workload while they prolong the recruitment process. Salaries are ok, but you can definitely earn more elsewhere.. The culture that has made Nationwide great is changing under the new CEO. PRIDE values no longer ‘lived and breathed’ -. Boring on the phones. Boring at times but fun at iothers. Very mediocre talent. Lately their development teams have been flooded with cheap offshore developers.  A place for routine and menial jobs.. Starting Salaries can be low
In some branches you can be expected to work early or late without pay
No chance of any paid overtime. Programme has some issues with some areas needing more structure in terms of training and career path. Lots of soft skills training however little technical training in some areas. Appears to the be the case that often a grad is given to a team who are unsure of what work can be given to them which will challenge them and help them develop.. Politics, silo working, dependency on legacy systems. Pay can be below market standards, even in London.
The majority of middle/senior management were made up of mainly white middle aged men, but this is now look set to change with a change in CEO.
Locations in Swindon and Northampton not the easiest to get to.. -working in branch, come across angry customer, work colleagues are unsupportive along with management. - Miss communication with part-time and full-time. Slow to implement anything, financials are kept private so difficult to form as a Product Manager, good development opportunities but often have to threaten to leave / apply for a secondment. Very hierarchical.. Poor leadership, repetitive, entirely on the phone, management style is not for everyone - micro management - limited progression - limited opportunities  to earn more - very regimented. nothing to say at the moment. If your face doesnt fit you wont go far. Difficult to fast track career.. Management, Direction isn't shared down the ladder, you'll only get to a certain point (usually mid level) and then it's like a private members club.. very process orientated, slow to innovate. Salary wasn't high enough for area. To  performance based.  Bad management with little experience.  Very structured. Not the best pay when you consider the tasks and volume of work.. Management need a shuffle around. 
No support when you need help.
Found  training to be very boring and nothing stuck with me when going live on the phones. 
Not many people are left from the team I trained with and that is simply because call centre work is hard and difficult to get accustomed to!. Advocacy seems to be more important than performance. 
A bit nepotistic and sexist
Seem to prefer expensive contractors to own staff.
Normal corporate hoops to jump through with no obvious gain
Inconsistent application of policies.. Systems and processes - biggest issue by far. Can often lead to departments working against each other instead of for. Good to know people in the right places to get things done.. Technology could be a bit better, a lot of red tape, limited or no international travel, some politics, hierarchical, only flag ship project get the recognition. Not much opportunity to move up. Pay not very good. If you are not in the click you won't move up.. Pace and appetite for change and new technologies can be painfully slow.
There is no consistent approach to flexible working.. Senior management tend to try to do too much to the detriment of the work. The vast majority projects run over, costing money and producing worse final outputs. Rework or sacking of unfinished expensive projects is common.. slow, lots of layers on middle management, hard to progress. The majority of people are bullied. Before I was bullied I felt sad to see so many of my colleagues being bullied and then I became a target myself, I put up with it for a long time. It all started about 5 years ago when a new Executive Director started and felt NBS had too many coasting employees but it's gone way too far. I've stayed in touch and nothing has changed since I left. If I hear it's changed I'll update this review.

I was based at the head office but I know that even retail have been affected. 

It's sad that a mutual society that is intended for the greater good of the community is behaving in this way.. Career progression can be an issue as opportunities are limited, especially if not based in Swindon.
Slow to make decisions.. Recently there has been a freeze in recruitment in branch and an increase in recruitment for head office. One main con is you are contracted 9-5 however you have to get in for around 8.30 and often stay until around 5.30 which is unpaid time you cant claim back.. Based in Swindon - no offices outside Swindon. There are some large egos to deal with in the Executive. The society has many and varied objectives which can mean it lacks focus. The culture that the new CEO describes and embodies is not reflected throughout the executive management layer. The old hierarchical structure leads to ways of working that make decision making very slow and cumbersome.. Their end of year ratings process does not seem to allow for people with caring responsibilities. If they are seen to be performing less well than their overall division even with good reason,  they are still at risk of serious repercussions in the bonus and pay rise process .. Progress has been made but communication between departments still hard and feels siloed. Innovation in developing the website often inhibited by old systems and difficult development.. Salary, lack of promoting from within, it's a place you come to finish your career.. The hierarchical structure causes issues with collaboration. Long established staff are very attached to their level and take exception to challenge from "lower" levels.  You can feel like a number rather than a person because as a new starter your logon is a number not a variation on your name and everyone introduces themselves with their name and level.. A lot of people find it hard because of the abuse you can receive but other than that there were no cons. Could be a little more human towards call centre staff, a little more freedom to relax and enjoy what they do. Many people are in the same position for decades which makes them less flexible to change and also, reduce the opportunities for promotion.. The company has the culture of a typical public sector enterprise. Very little focus on innovation and development. The staff primarily look after themselves first, customers second.. Hierarchical authority structure and too process driven, across many teams within teams. Fragmentation slows down work and stifles decision making.. Can be too focused on process which stifles creativity. Difficult to move across departments - unless you know someone to give you the inner view. Development and progression is limited. I have encountered many false promises which can be demotivating. It is easy to do over and above and it goes unnoticed. Unfortunately due to low risk appetite that Nationwide adopts, there is a lot of control & governance which impacts the freedom that people should have to thrive & push themselves. This in turn impacts those who are looking to develop quickly within an organisation.. I truly believe that to progress your career in Nationwide, your face must fit. I was saddened to find that despite Nationwide promoting an inclusive culture, underneath it is no different to any other financial institution when it comes to promoting its people. I have struggled to progress my career despite being competent in my role, and making it a priority to address my areas of development in a proactive, positive way. 

I appreciate that these types of statements are difficult to prove without detailing personal experiences and confidential information, which I will not do. It also appears as though I am giving mixed messages in my praise of my Line Managers and colleagues, but they were not the decision makers when applying for progression roles in my division. 

I must stress that Nationwide is not a bad place to work, far from it.  All I would ask is that potential employees keep my comments in mind and remember that, even if you struggle like I have, it doesn’t mean that you are incompetent and not deserving of a future in your chosen field.. The nationwide way - smile and salute the the PRIDE flag and you'll fit in - if you're coming in from the outside be wary of your approach

Strict adherence to hierarchy drags down innovation - many appear to enjoy their titles and grade if they have been in the company for a long time and aren't looking for new ways of working that might rock the boat

Excessive collaboration - the need for continual committee discussion slows everything doen considerably.. Not much progression, repetitive work and can become boring. Change is generally slow and silo driven although improving.
Some leaders operate a 'pick and mix' approach to the Society's stated culture.. Management un involved at lower levels of the company.. It's very sales-orientated whether they want to admit it or not, constantly putting pressure on Customer Reps to talk to customers about the products.

If you are going to apply for Nationwide especially in a customer-facing role, confidence and personality is key. Sales experience would help. They don't give targets but we do have monthly meetings with the Branch Manager to discuss how many appointments you have booked. Also, if there is a lack of appointment booking for Home Insurance or Investments, expect e-mails to find out why which is bewildering to me. There's only so much conversation you can have with a customer in the few minutes you have with them.. Most of the junior Managers are very young, some lack enough life experience to people manager effectively - but not all.. Very few and nothing that can't be overcome through the businesses development programmes.  The firm invests in you but you own your development at Nationwide.. I have worked in the financial and technology industry my entire career (20 years+) and have never experienced such a disorganised, inefficient, risky way of working.  On top of this, the bullying and blame culture is beyond belief - I have witnessed behaviours that have led to individuals not being able to perform, taking lengthy periods of absence and even resigning with no other job to go to, just to get away from the awful 'deliver at all costs' culture at Nationwide.
For an organisation that shouts about the way it values its people, this stinks - it is up to you whether you believe this, but if you care about what you do and how you do it, do yourself a favour and look elsewhere - you'll be better for it.. Very pressurised. 
The focus is figures and processing calls.
You need to get in about 30 mins before your shift (unpaid overtime) in the call centre to get everything set up and will not usually be able to leave on time... managers not knowing a lot. Limited opportunity for progression at certain levels.. None at the moment and Can't think of anything apart from usual Banking politics that exist everywhere yeah shouldn't be issues. From my tour around the various head office locations as a Consultant/Project Manager, Management in call centres seemed little more than glorified team leaders, who would pretend to be busy doing key deliverable that when presented, were of GCSE Powerpoint standard. When grilled on various rational or numbers, they often did not have answers and seemed removed from the every day goings on of the people below them

Speaking to the general average employee (at Junior Call Centre level) most did not know of what their immediate manager or senior manager did and what added value they brought. the slowness of delivery and change. They do not support flexible working despite the promises, a lot of pressure and expectation to work long hours without being paid. constantly looking at a computer, not very flexible. System is very slow when they do update it gets slower 
A lot of manger meetings and no employee privacy. Some branches could do with an upgrade. Have found it difficult to progress and to get the support to advance my career
There seems to be a sense of 'not at your desk means you are not working' type atmosphere, even when there is a desire to attend internal events about career development etc.. Very Swindon centric for Head Office function roles. A lot of loop holes to make strategic decisions.. Slow in getting things done - meetings for meeting sake. Head office is based in Swindon. Only thing I can think of is that you'll have to work some saturdays which is unpaid however they count as extra days off which is also good for some people.. Limited if not working in Swindon on progression - very much a not what you know a who you know. But if you put the work in and are prepared to be flexible you get out what you put in. Processing departments can be very poor.. Slow and methodical with change. Very crowded office, always noisy. Company has grown very quickly and the small company culture has not coped. Perm staff not happy with high number of contractors.. For a start the management just pressurised and bullies you. Your self esteem is crushed by them. So much for a no sale company when management forces you to sell to vulnerable people and elderly who don't know half the time what their almost getting forced into just to make the branches figures look good.. High focus on sales and targets, despite no mention of such in training and interviews

No concern from management for holiday allocation

Expected to stay a lot later than working hours

Can expect you to travel to distant branches for cover. Management are terrible 
Treated like an idiot and can be extremely patronising
No leniency on anything and no help from management 
Terrible treatment of customers 
Absolute joke getting in and out of the office carpark at Northampton Admin Centre
Seemingly hire anyone to put bums on seats as there is a very high turnover of staff. Pay can be dependant of starting position and wage. Depending on what team you work in can find you can be isolated.. Management can be slow to change/react.
Slow to promote.
Process are slow and incredibly inefficient... but you'll get that anywhere.
It's based in Swindon. Social life can be OK/average if you have a good set of friends, otherwise be ready to learn how to live alone.. Poor incentives, basically included getting sweets for improving efficiency. There was a high turn of people due to the average pay. This meant a lot of time was wasted continuously training new people.. Stakeholders can be challenging, some individuals with big personalities who are used to getting their own way. Processes cumbersome which can be difficult to navigate. Perfection is expected with little grace given.. Poor training for staff and Branch Managers. They are consistently watching your performance. The job itself can be somewhat repetitive, especially if you do not apply yourself. It can also be a bit political when it comes to promotions.. Work/life balance can be impacted sometimes if there's not enough staff (e.g working 3 saturdays in every 4 occasionally)
A lot of pressure on Customer Representatives to excel in booking business as well as reviewing good 'scores' from customers.
Salary not as good as competitors. Low pay. Constant restructuring. Based in Northampton therefore limited opportunities in London. 

Other banks pay significantly more (30%+), therefore why would you stay if offered a job elsewhere?. Process not commercial you end up being highly paid admin.. Parking is a pain unless you're an early bird.  Work is a little dull,  but the worst thing is the total lack of process,  unforgivable in this industry.  Middle management seen to be scared of senior management.  

Knowledge is power is the prevailing attitude so don't expect much help.  New starters are ignored and left to struggle.. Difficult with the lack of process. 

I lasted just over a year,  others I started with lasted less... Dull work... but that's subjective I guess. Cr@p parking! Always a chore to find space.. Micro managed - very strict on keeping to targets and ensuring you are on the phones at all times ( in my particular job role) 
Salary is quite low.. Frustratingly slow to make decisions and make things happen.
Rigid salary and benefits - don't get lured by the advertised salary range, that is not on offer until you've done a few years in the position. Managers protect themselves rather than lead their people.  Too much bullying from managers who are insecure and petty. Nanny rules for dress codes that treat people as children.. With recent changes it is currently difficult to see a clear path of career progression.
In an entrepreneurial world employees are still not fully empowered to engage senior leadership with new ideas without fear of recrimination.. - Lack of empathy and support from line managers.
- Nothing is ever your own business when you work in a team
- Lack of progression and development opportunities,.. Extremely political
IT systems and IT departments are weakest side Of The company. Chaos poor management , not what you know but who cronyism rife. As I love outside Swindon I need to commute daily. Salaries aren't the highest but it's compensated in other ways such as health care and pension. At times, can be a little inflexible. The job is very pressured with a focus on 'appointments' that eclipses absolutely everything else! Monthly appraisals in which you get told for an hour and a half that you don't want to be there because you aren't booking 30 appointments a month. Told by line manager I had the best customer service he had ever seen, but still got a part met for the quarter because I didn't force people to come in and open current accounts/credit cards that they didn't want or need. Rarely leave on time at the end of the day and when I put in a request for overtime pay as I had stayed late by 30 mins to and hour everyday for a week I got told that I was lying and had the overtime rejected. Couldn't book any holiday due to staffing levels as the turnover was so high they couldn't employ new staff fast enough and we were always short. Ended up with 10 days of holiday remaining when I left the job (in late October) and I was forced to take this as pay. Line manager told me lies about what my fellow colleagues were saying about me. Was told that colleagues had said I was 'too slow and had no urgency' when doing bankage for the branch, spoke with my colleagues and nobody had said anything of the sort. It is a nasty bully culture and if you don't conform they knock you down until you can't take it anymore. Cried at work on several occasions as a result of being placed on a review where I was told that if I didn't improve my business in a month and a half that my job would be at risk and being spoken to rudely by  a CSM in front of the whole branch. I notified the SBM of what had happened and nothing was ever mentioned to the CSM, because the management have their own little clique where they will cover each others backs and protect each other from anything. In my last 26 days with the company after handing in my notice I was given a total of 4 days off (1 Saturday and 3 Sundays when the branch was closed) and when I questioned this I got told that due to staffing levels that they could force me to work two 6 day weeks and that I would have to take this as pay, because as I was leaving the company they couldn't give me the time off at a later date...very crafty and is proof that there is very little care for the welfare of their staff! Avoid at all costs. They want to come across as a company who just cares for their customers and really looks after their staff, but this couldn't be any further from the truth!. Can be a bit infelxible. Senior management can be a little "them and us". Can be political. Sometimes reactive vs proactive.  Minimal negatives vs positives from what I have experienced. There was no formal training structure as I am a part time worker. This lead to a lack of structure and organisation.. Couldn't say that there are any. Can be more commercially inclined to gain value. No support from management. Monthly appraisals, extreme sales targets, bullying from management to accomplish targets. Staff shortages, trying to claim back your days off in lieu,. Still too much bureaucracy and hierarchy although progress is being made.
Some managers are here for themselves rather than our members.
Some of our systems and processes need a lot of simplifying.. Not as commercial as competitors
Needs to shout louder about successes. Some offices are very overcrowded and parking can be a nightmare. approach to day to day governance and approvals can at times verge on pedantic, hopefully this will soon improve. Although they promote quickly, it's almost straight into management, which is great unless you want to be a manager. Each to their own.. Bullied out of the company of your face doesn't fit or you dare to question authority. Wages really do not reflect workload or stress levels. Management in fear or their managers and do not stand by anyone lower than them.. Can feel very much like friends are given opportunities above others. High targets
Little progression
Very repetitive and dull. short staffed in branches so always really busy. I cannot think of any cons as far as working for Nationwide is concerned, which goes to show how good it is.. Issues with integrity and behaviours in middle and executive management. Far too many committees and lack of individual accountability. Feels very slow / "Ministry of Bank" but perhaps its no different to other heavily regulated retail banks. Some times it can be too nice - i.e. low performers are not dealt with effectively and many coast leaving other to carry them. Whilst most people are very nice to work with the level of talent is mixed which can be frustrating. Lots of duplication across different departments. In Architecture there are too many Chief Architects (most organisations would have 1 but NBS has 3) all pulling in different directions and with too many tools (each team has procured its own tool and many do not integrate with each other). EA is very difficult as there isn't really funding to do Strategic work - so most work on larger Projects.. Money could be better, but it not the worse, Systems and hardware could do with a revamp.. Base pay lower than many London-based counterparts (ignoring the London wage). You are either with them or against them. could potentially pay a little more to rival other financial services firms, but overall not that bad when extra benefits considered.
Could also be a little quicker to take action when implementing new ideas.. Senior management could be more approachable. The company has limited progression for employees who have worked hard for the company for years. 
Their is no progression no training to help future CV for promotions which you will have to interview for despite your hard work which does not actually play into promotion process. 
Higher management have no idea what the employee does and how they do it.. Disfunctional IT and Business Management Teams.  Bonus scheme very focused on management favorites.  Pace of change several times slower/more expensive than you can imagine... Vast amounts of contractors. All decisions made at a high level with little discussion lower down.. Nationwide say they're all about their customers, when in fact they are just as 'sales' driven as they and other banks were 10 years ago. Targets for sales staff were 'withdrawn' in favour of 'outcomes' but sales and front line staff are still performance managed for not selling enough. Area I worked in had the highest level of staff turnover and sickness in the country, which appeared to be the direct result of a new area director starting in 2015. Expectant mothers are treated particularly badly, with a couple of instances where staff were forced to leave. Performance management process is designed to get rid of people and cut numbers, not to help staff performance.  Nationwide pride themselves on their 'values' - when they are in fact just a bank masquerading as a building society.. Bureaucracy - hard to get decisions made (like most companies)
Some people have been there a long time and expect to be 'given' pay rises, promotions without actually demonstrating behaviours or performance to deserve them. Can be morale issues caused by that. 
They have good policies for work/life balance - shared parental leave/mat leave/flexible working - but people don't bother asking for them as they assume they won't be allowed. Could do more to promote and actively support flexible working (and recognise that means more than the ability to  work from home.). pay could be improved the same as natural progression. Between certain levels in roles there appears to be to big of a gap which becomes difficult when trying to progress.. Remuneration, speed of change, efficiency, leadership opportunities. - As a building society and not a bank, budgets/resources/technology are all on a smaller scale which can cause frustrations. as the managers get younger and change,the culture gets more like get bums on seats and don't care about the staff.mainly due to the senior managers not people people.. Sadly, everyone has different values and judgement. If you dont train the correct processes and leave it to judgement, then you end up over many years with... ta da... nationwide!. No work life balance
Very stressful environment and no support from managers
Employees treated like nothing, no consideration given to anything they have to say or feel
If any negative feedback was expressed, manager would pull employer to a meeting to say negativity will not be tolerated
High turnaround of people
No progression
Same roles in Swindon Head Office paid at much more money - issue raised with HR and Union and swept under the carpet
Incompetent team and operations managers. - Can be overly bureaucratic and hierarchical, you have to be a Level 3 or above to have a say over bigger decisions within the company
- Managers are often the ones with the most technical skill/experience, not necessarily a good 'people' manager
- To be taken seriously within the Finance department you have to fit a certain persona, and put many more hours in, than specified on your contract.. High turnover, not very competitive salaries.. Management have no architecture strategy. There are none..genuinely a great place to work. I guess the fact that I have to work Saturdays but that's expected in retail banking. Very low salary - have had CV reviewed by independent source and worth over £60k however nationwide say I don't know what I'm talking about and therefore use performance management too heavy handed. It can be a bit overly serious at times. A lot of bureaucracy...
Chances of progression are not so good in Bournemouth as it is in Swindon (Head Office). Culture can differ a lot across the organisation. It will come down to the luck of getting a good line manager to determine if your progress well or not. Whilst flexible working is encouraged, in some teams it's just not the culture, so expect to be denied these benefits it your line manager doesn't value it.  

Very corporate with recycled update emails from directors and internal comms adding to the 'bore' factor.

Lack of innovation; very isolated working environment; you're just another clog in the machine. 

lots of employers with (senior) manager titles where, in quite a few cases, they only manage one or two people. 

Lots of regulation and various committees which give decision making power to only the selected few 

Swindon being a dreadfully dull (and quite impoverished) location. Despite the HQ residing in Swindon, lots of people live outside and commute in daily making the lack of free parking a real issue.

UK centric. Business trips to Northampton are considered 'exciting'.. Salary, additional non paid hours, expectations  to constantly give to charity from own pocket and to use own technology to  tweet and email colleagues. Base salaries could be higher however our overall benefits package is good and competitive. Highly regulated environment - not enough flexibility to show creativity. Company has too many managers, resulting in excess costs.. I worked within Group Commercial Management, which had an extremely unpleasant senior management team who actively bullied those staff not within the 'in crowd'. The department had no strategy, plan or direction, simply blundering from crisis to crisis and the middle management/team members received the blame for senior managers' failings. A toxic management culture of backstabbing and hidden agendas.. All HQ roles are based in Swindon.. Very low salary to start with for all the responsibility, risk involved, work overload and a lot of stress not worth it. You can very quickly start hating your job. Difficult language with manager. Looks more over himself than after employees. Pushes people to the limit. Makes you cry at least few times in a month. After a year I need to take pills to calm down after a hard day. Left on your own at work while management have fun on the meetings that never seems to end. Busy or not more important are meetings for management than to help CR's with work overload. People that do the most job get the smallest pay. No pay for saturdays. Don't expect to leave on time if you work part time. And of course don't expect to be paid for it as well.. Not many cons that I can think of. Management structure is prone to bottlenecks in retail distribution. Regardless of the quality of work you do, you are essentially waiting for somebody to leave a position before you can move on.. Wages were horrible compared to other lenders, you do get a bonus but that depends on how the business has performed. Salaries have been "under review" for at least two years and we were given new titles, however no salary increase until we have given our "training"

There's no scope for development. My time there, only friends and family of the ops manager were getting the jobs.

Rubbish activities to make us all seem as if it's the best company to work for, very propaganda like.. bad training, must be improved. Overworked with heavy workloads, you are given a laptop and expected to use it at home if your workload is not completed during 'office hours'.

Bullying occurred and witnessed first hand, no wonder the staff turnover rate is so high! I'm not sure how this employer was voted as one of the top ten companies to work for in the UK.

Car parking was a complete joke, overflow was the best option.. Zero support from management.
Management who have been promoted due to length of service and not skills or management experience. 
Lots of contractors who are driven to deliver and do not have time to hand over projects or help other employees.
Poor management.
No HR - can only speak to HR via e-mail and telephone.
Management gang up against any criticism or improvement idea.
Old fashioned way of working.
Delivery is slow and not focused. 
Very risk adverse - painfully slow to change.
Subcontracted most of the jobs out to TCS and IBM (offshore) so communications is an issue. Most meetings done over the phone - which is not ideal.. Feeling the culture of referring to Underwriters is very much like pupil/teacher relationship and some underwriters thrive on it.

All tasks are timed...you are efficiency and quality checked...a lot.

Under Once you leave training it seems hard to get any real help.. Work ridiculously long hours just to prove yourself to be worthy of a 'met' come annual reviews. Lack of respect and spoken down to by managers. Unrealistic expectations associated with internal promotions, which when eventually do take place result in extremely poor uplift in pay (a lot more responsibility for an extra 1/2k a year) - internal promotions can only been ungraded to lowest pay bracket for new position despite experience/capability!. Can be overloaded with admin work and unable to complete this during working hours. Limited opportunities to progress.. Everyday we have to get in to work 30 minutes early and you leave 30 minutes late all of which is unpaid!! If you don't do this then you are not showing the correct behaviours!!! So will not achieve your rating to get a bonus..

Promotions are extremely hard to get and rarely come up as the company is getting a lot more digital..

Basic pay is poor for people that start as Customer Representative...

Management is terrible and give very little support, Always try to turn situations round to make you look bad and make you give more to the company. The hours are bad, they're very unsociable and even if you do know them 12 weeks in advance if you're working poor hours that doesn't make much time for anything else, having to work almost every weekend as well as late shifts up until 10pm most of the time. They're under staffed and very pushy when it comes to over time almost to a very rude point. The pay is very bad for what you'll be doing as it is a thankless job especially working in the call centres. You are monitored on things that are most of the time out of your control and they affect your bonuses. Over all I would consider looking else where as you can probably get the same job with better hours and pay else where. Also if they temp you with career breaks and say you can return to work 90% of these are turned down due to the fact they're so busy because they're incapable of keeping any staff longer than a month. Finding a parking space and a desk at head office can be a challenge.... Need to increase some benefits. Like all large organisations, Nationwide suffers from internal bureaucracy and a slightly muddled management structure. Enterprise and left-feld thinking isn't always recognised or encouraged, but these are only minor grumbles for what is a fantastic employer and forward thinking organisation.. Pressures from Area Offices. Relentless expectations. Poor staff morale.
Overtime - joke... never paid.
Having worked for the business for a number of years I'd never go back.
TV Adverts don't reflect the actual business.
Seriously overpaid executives running a mutual.
Branches - no money spent on staff area's - customer areas always try to look glossy and nice.. Hard interviews as they are competency based its very hard to move up a level also the competition is fierce so you really need to stand out. training wasn't overly organised well.. It's in Swindon! Parking is a bit of a nightmare, head office is fairly packed full of people. Salary ranges are huge and internal promotions deliver very little increase in Salary. It's can take a good 6 months to settle due to the size of the company and when new getting people to give you time in diaries is impossible when new.. Unrealistic expectations placed on branch staff
Most specialist jobs are based at head office in Swindon which struggles for transport links to the midlands/north of the country as you have to connect via London (5-6 hour train journey) or Birmingham (4-5 hour)
People management in admin centres largely non existent. Nothing specific to say against NBS. A lot of work and too tight deadlines by stakeholders, normally they are contracting and they are not really taking into consideration the life balance nationwide gives to us as perm.. Pretty much most of it. Working for nationwide was absolutely horrible, i dreaded going into work everyday. They don't give a crap about their workers, the would show us videos in the 10 to 9s about how much they care about us but it was rubbish. What we were taught during training was useless when it came to doing the actual job. Some Staff were gossips and snakes, very out for themselves. You could end up staying until 7 pm if someone hasn't balanced. The pressure for sales was ridiculous. They claim that it's not about sales it's about "needs of the customers", but the grilling we would get when a customer didn't want something shows that it isn't about needs. Just because you think I might need a credit card just because I don't have one, doesn't meant that I want one, but according to nationwide, if you don't get them to get what they "need" you aren't doing your job properly. I felt like a child being told off in the 10 to 9s, spoken to so condescendingly for accepting a no from a customer. Don't get paid enough for the work that you do.. Where to start.... I worked here for nearly 25 years-- initially, I worked for Portman, who were fantastic to work for. I hung on after the 'merger' (read; take over) in hopes that my department would be made redundant. Management lurch from one catastrophe to the next, everything it reactive instead of proactive. 
Managers are not trained in the tasks of the team they manage, leaving the Team Seniors to handle complex queries (non; Team Seniors are not called 'assistant managers' as this would make them part of the management team and this would require a higher pay scale. 
Pay is not in line with geographic location so that most people who work in the level 1 sector of the society in Bournemouth are forced to take second jobs to maintain a standard of living comparable to their counterparts in Swindon (Head office is located there). 
Constant desk moves and shuffling of layouts which costs up to £500 per desk, per move; this is members' money being spent on a reshuffle-- this is a constant thing in the building. Level 4 managers have 'PA offs' in which they compete to get the best gift for their PA each year -- one winner received tickets to Egypt for her and her husband: the costs are expenses, so again, this is members money being spent inappropriately. 
Changes to job roles aren't written down so that your contract doesn't resemble your job at all.
Very cliquey and if your face doesn't fit or you aren't a 'yes person', your card is marked.
One Operations Manager has had a huge number of complaints (including one from an entire team) lodged against her, yet still retains her position, despite having more complaints via the union than any other manager, ever. 
Different rules apply to different people, according to which manager likes them and who drinks with who.
Impossible to speak directly with level 3 or above; they fob you off to their PA.
Hiring is based on who knows who-- at least two managers in the current 'Nationwide Now' department were hired because of close friendships with the hiring team. One was told to 'meet for a cuppa' over dinner with friends in the weekend and came back from that 10 minute cuppa with a new job that she hadn't even applied for.
I witnessed anti Semitic comments over dinner from a woman who is now a team manager.

This place is rotten to the core, uses members money inappropriately and had no respect for lower level workers (who are referred to as 'natural wastage' when they leave). I made a mistake in staying as long as  I did; don't make the same mistake.. Lack of real management style
Lack of transparency with Senior Manager Team
Bullies everywhere
Egos everywhere
Trust nobody. - It's hard (in this role) to try and get a managers position.. - Better market salaries out there 
- Corporate bonus is a bit low. They make a lot of noise about being inclusive but your face has to fit and they only appreciate yes men.  
Very high staff turn over.
Senior management bully staff - Head down to the atrium any day of the week and you'll see someone in tears.  It's not a happy place to work.
Salaries are low and increases  are miniscule.  The size of your bonus is determined entirely by how well your manager likes you.  It's neither transparent or fair.
Staff are treated like children.. Outwardly digital to the customer but internally very analogue and old school. No extra pay for Saturday like it used to be. Now time taken off in the week to compensate for this. Not great career opportunities at that site- work was migrating to Swindon. Lots of micro management! It can be boring, hard to be passionate about it.. They are changing the working hours to become more antisocial and expect everyone to go along with this without asking us. The pay is very low for the responsibility and PRESSURE involved. The training is absolutely amazing however when you are put on the phones the "no targets" is a lie. You are targeted to the point where daily reports are red and green and you are put on performance plans if you are for example 1% out in a month on an average handling time. I work on the mortgage lines and it is imperative every detail is correct- mortgages are so important! However we are pressured day in day out even if there is a big problem we need help with we are penalised if we take longer or have to have help. Even though i talk to people every day i have never felt so lonely in a job but so under the spotlight and pressured at the same time. Staff turnover is high.. Swindon wasnt a place I saw myself living in long term.. The pay is quite poor in relation to how much you are expected to do and know and depending on how busy your team is, opportunities to progress are quite limited.. None I have experienced so far.. The only SIDE they are on is their own, They treat their staff appallingly, the pay sucks compared to similar jobs with other companies.
They do not listen to the people who actually carry out the roles before making changes.
They treat you like a bum on a seat and not a human being.
They give out PIP's like they are sweets and they do not follow their own processes relating to their staff.. Absolutely terrible company to work for. Management heavy, with constant changes obstructing production. Massive influx of staff from a certain well known failed bank add to the incompetent running of the business. A mutual company that wastes millions every year of their members money on pointless conferences, with black tie dinners and free wine on tap whilst members earn as low as 0.001 % on their deposits. Dismal branches that do not inspire, old fashioned technology and directors receiving massive salaries in line with bank bosses does not seem like a caring sharing company to me. You have to be a certain type of person to work at Nationwide, I'll leave you to work that out for yourself. Old Donald Trump would fit in perfectly. Do yourself a favour and don't attend the interview. The worst place I've ever worked at.. Like any large organisation there is a degree of bureaucracy to overcome and much time seems to be wasted filling out reports and logs as delivering some output.. Managing performance is sometimes poor. being unable to manage staff on sales can be frustrating when you are being managed for sales. Can't think of anything negative to say about the company, oh apart from they haven't branched out to the US and offered me a job over there :). You need to be prepared to play the game, be able to cope with people who smile to your face covering an aggressive work environment and for people to throw you under the bus to save their skins.. I really love working here- I always have. Probably brainwashed. There are certainly people here who have complaints about their job etc. In some cases I`m sure those complaints are justified, in others I can see they don`t always help themselves as much as they might do either. Its not perfect but I think there is a genuine desire to put things right when things haven`t gone well.. Brought in a load of senior managers who has no people skills nor management skills. The organisation became management heavy leaving only a few people to deliver the work. The citizenship agenda is driven by stats and there's too much of it. Progression and promotion is available to those whose face fit the place. It is an organisation that's great at looking at the next best thing without finishing any of the current initiatives. The pay is low, benefits are poor and hard work isn't rewarded. Management don't listen nor value recommendations they think they know it all.. The shift is 9-5 but they expect you to be there 15 minutes before for training and until the place closes which is normally around 5:15 pm. That's 30 minutes of unpaid overtime per day.
Only promote yes men not because of your skill and performance evevthough I am one of the highest performing staff in the country.
Supposedly no targets but they hide the fact that there are targets but are called norms. 
Management believe they are good leaders but in fact what they do the whole day is do conference calls.  Good managers spend more time with your staff and customers.  You are called branch managers for a reason.. Workloads can be horrendous when there are staff shortages or too many junior members in a team; recruitment process isn't well tuned to assessing the key skills for the job; too many colleagues have poor writing skills involving rework by over run senior staff; when you over perform that becomes the new norm and workloads become unsustainable; stress and burnout is poorly managed; HR support is hit and miss; salary can be poor when you consider the amount of unpaid overtime required in management roles; complaints or concerns not always handled promptly. Lack of agility can be frustrating. Constant focus on cost pressures, not ambitious enough/attitude to risk too stringent, was treated poorly through an HR issue.. No downtime at any point.
micro-managed
no trust placed in consultants. Brought in a huge number of ex-bank staff whose philosophy was alien to building societies. Management was based on fear of losing your job, and the only skill which was appreciated was the ability to sell, even if it wasn't the right product for the customer.. Nationwide are never a "good payer": they aim to be at 50% of the average pay. They also love their "initiatives" - PRIDE is just one. These are small things though.. Poor performance management, antiquated management strategies. You are not graded rate or acknowledged for your work but for how interesting you are very much face has to fit place. Extreme pressure to hit outcomes (another word for targets) and there are too many so called norms to hit, making it impossible to get a Met Objective which would have allowed you to get a very low bonus. Too much is expected of all the roles and if you are to progress you will need to work unpaid on your own time and is encouraged unofficially to squeeze more out of you. The management is top down and no consultation is made at the grass root levels.. Very clicky. Career progression is based on who you cosy up too not on skills or experience. Lots of lip service paid to lots of things, citzenship etc, focus made because of stats, not because an actual beleif in the reasons why.. Head Office is in unexciting Swindon. The performance review system is based on who you know rather than how you perform. You will need to spend a lot of time 'networking' rather than working if you want to progress.. There is  no downside my contract  ended wanted to move in another town, that was my only reason why  I had to leave. Your constantly pressured to sale sale sale, even when not appropriate to a customer you have had alot of rapport, you know the customer has no interest in you selling investements, insurance etc but made to feel rubbish and you shouldnt be there if you cannot sell as much as they want you to.. lower salary than most of the big banks, more local and closed than most of the big banks, not providing T2 work visa for foreign nationals. Overly obsessed on stats, you feel like you are plugged into a wall, if you gain too much experience in the call centre you get blocked from progressing elsewhere in the company as they cannot afford to lose you off of the battery hen line that more often than not queues 40-100+ calls for most of the day.  The company faster payments in/out system is more down than up and leads to very nasty customers on a frequent basis.  An awful call scoring feedback system from customers where even if you have the best call ever it can lead to you getting a loss of bonus if said customer on a scoring feedback only gives you a 4 out of 5.  A very high amount of backstabbing and a severe blame game mentality with a nasty system called "Consultant Feedback" forms where other employees can report on your faults to your manager which again can affect bonus.  Some of the feedbacks are over the top and childish.  The higher management are very untrustworthy and are not supportive at all of anyone attempting progression when they have been long term members of staff looking to escalate.  Also managers can live call dip your calls without your knowledge and then serve to give you (more often that not) highly non-constructive feedback in a very unpleasant and overly critical way.  I will not miss working for this company - it was a backwards step in my career and I would advise anyone to avoid working for them in their call centre like the plague.. Employees aren't trusted to do their jobs
Questioned after every customer interaction
Sales hidden by 'making the customer better off'
Targets called Measures - but they can't give you targets
Money isn't that great for the job that you do
Under pressure constantly
You need to fit in to the in crowd. Sometimes feel plugged in and like a battery hen!. No structure to shift pattern. They expect you to be fully flexible and can change your shifts at two weeks notice but are not helpful when you have something planned. Have to take 7 days holiday when planning a week off in advance because you don't know what shifts you are working. I have also booked a weekend off and been told I wasn't working for them to put me in and no one cared. All they seem to care about is bums on seats taking call after call and will be hanging over you if your not available to take a call asking why. Even after 60 seconds. You get sent emails asking if you want to finish early and work back at the weekend for you to respond and then they decide at the last minute you cannot go because there's more than 10 calls in the queue. You can guess I won't be staying with this company for long.. Low pay with very low bonuses. 
Ideas not listened to. 
Based on sales although told wasn't at interview stage. 
Expected to work extra time with no pay. 
Extremely bad middle management. 
Bad building maintenance.. * New employees are valued more highly than longer standing loyal employees.
* Perception is everything - you can be border-line incompetent and still get by as long as you
   you massage the ego of the right people.  
* There is high turnover in staff with > 5 years service. A lot of 'experts' are joining the Building
  Society from failed banks in order to rehabilitate their career.. Poor location in swindon. Slow to respond to change.. Salary relatively below market
Slow career progression. from the outset there is no proper training provided. I spent 3 weeks playing games then there was no support offered when training was finished. I spent 9 years working for another bank and the lack of policies and procedure astounded me. Quite often I would have a simply question and no one would no the answer or where to find it. People crying was a daily occurrence and the levels of sickness were shocking. Nationwide place no value on their staff and this reflects in the high level of staff turnover. Not only would I not recommend anyone work for Nationwide, after seeing the way they conduct their business I would never recommend anyone bank with them either. The word that I hear most to sum up Nationwide is 'shambles'. Poor salary. Every year they stand over you to complete a positive employee survey. 
Management is trained poorly so inconsistent decision making. 
A culture of firefighting rather than fire prevention.. Office politics can sometimes be frustrating but you will get that in most organisations.. Extremely hierachal structure where feedback is not taken on board by senior management
There is a culture of bullying amongst some of the senior retail managers that has been left unchecked, the area in a which I work at a middle management level is particularly effected by this.  Senior Management seem unable to deal with people that go beyond what is deemed as acceptable behaviour when they are senior/executive level
Projects are not delivered well and often behind schedule.. Do not work on the tills, lack of freedom to go to toilet or leave on your arranged lunch break. Can't use any creative skills. Your just filling a position because they need numbers. Some senior management, in particular the lady in charge of new recruits when you first go onto the phones.  Have nothing good to write about her, treats people terribly.  They're all about treating the customers right but don't care about staff, in particular temps are treated like trash.. I can't really think of any. I still wake up and look forward to my day of talking to a wide range of different people.. - Pathetic pay/compensation for the pressure and workload expected.

- Poor inexperienced management.

- Only promote yes men and people whose face fits.

- Do not accept feedback. If negative or constructive feedback given you will be labelled as a trouble maker.

- Will bully you to get you to resign rather than sack you. I had a manager admit this to me about 2-3 members of staff that had worked in a branch for 20 to 25 years each.

- Culture of targets and sales while playing lip services to being customer focused. This is highly hypocritical and completely fake.

- They will miss sell and like any other bank. Furthermore I witnessed cover ups and excuses made for miss selling at all levels.. development support dependent on manager, money saving focus, it's difficult to change from temp to perm role. Whilst at nationwide as a pbm and manager I was subjected to bullying and a culture of "if your face fits" secondments are not advertised but just given to people who are in favour with higher management. Their internal recruitment process is flawed at best, having been told within the 1st minute of one internal job interview that I was "lucky to be there as my name wasn't on the list" I have known of jobs being advertised for 1 hour as the successful candidate has already been decided. Way too much pressure to meet customer outcomes ie targets in another name and the salary is a disgrace for the pressure.. It is a very hierarchal organisation and compared to other places in industry, you will have to work 4-5 times as hard to have an impact if you are not anointed in the right role and grade.  It wants to change but it can be hard for people in the organisation to take criticism.  

In particular to the architecture division, it has some of the lowest engagement and enablement scores within the society.  There has been lots of change lately, with new leadership and an influx of senior architects.  However, instead of embracing PRIDE values, there is extensive infighting and backstabbing in this area.  This is impacting the morale of the division and impacting the brand.. Local jobs market outside of nationwide can be small. Like any large organisation can be bureaucratic and slow to change. Pay less than that at comparable banks. As it is such a big company - it can be hard for performance management processes to be fully followed.. Culture is changing as more IT functions are being outsourced to 3rd parties.
People management is becoming overly bureacratic with few techniccal pogression paths.
A lack of training budget unless sponsored by a project.. The parking is not great even though more work is being done to rectify this, however getting in really early helps secure a good spot, leaving the site is again a bit slow with traffic around the one way internal Nationwide site very slow, some of this is due to a crossing point, that should really be raised above the road, with every other car having to stop to let people cross.. Sooo slow,
Organisational change is poorly communicated
Very Hierarchical. They only appreciate the top few performers, those wanting further training or advice get no support. Breaks are too far apart, especially when toilet breaks are considered unacceptable.. sorry to say but not good company to work for won't recommend to any of my friend. Compliance over the top, lots of observations and managers have different criteria at rating your performance so bonus depends on your manager. Every department is different, I was in a Practice in Group Operations. The director has publicly stated his desire not to be a software house. I joined after a round of redundancies PRISM (branded restructuring) and left after another 'Working with partners'.

Software development is now supposed to be delivered by 'partners' again this actually means software development has been outsourced to IBM, Accenture & TCS. 

You would have thought that Nationwide would have learned from the disaster that the Voyager programme was (led by IBM). But instead they think these 'IT specialists' can do it better than there thinly stretched internal teams. Which by now is probably true as it's died a death by a thousand cuts.

The situation has been made worse by the fact that most of the senior management has been recruited from x-lloyds people. Who clearly believe outsourcing is the answer. 

They've done this outsourcing without having any robust Quality Assurance function in place beforehand - so don't have a measure of software quality before outsourcing so can't measure if it's being improved. I know of specific examples where it has got much worse. TCS being the main problem.

Management is by fear, all senior managers have very slopey  shoulders and don't want to be seen taking any accountability in case something goes wrong. I heard a rumour that the head of my practice had admitted he walked around with a resignation letter in his jacket. So he could have it to hand in a seconds notice. Really gives people a sense he's committed and believes in all the things he was trying to sell to his people. 

From talking to other people around the business, no one was happy. I hope that there is, and someone leaves a positive review. I just haven't meant them there.. - It's not always a 9-5 job, I can be there from 8 - 5.30 sometimes, and as salary work, you won't get paid the extra.. Could do more with home working and flexible working for employed staff, contractors get easier access to changes in working times. Ultra conservative,  risk adverse,  despite need to be "Digital" and play catch up with peers.   Poor levels of training and tool support.  Many silos and political obstacles to overcome.   Unique mix of new hires and Swindon based long timers.... None I can think of. Pressure to hit sales targets dressed up as "helping our customers"
Outdated software and systems
High-level management more interested in making money than employee or customer welfare
Compensation below market average. Lack of progression in northampton
Swindon centric
Line management is at odds often with company ethos
Managed prerformance ratings which impact pay and bonus
Pressure, bordering on bullying at times
Blame culture and often more focus on who's ultimately to blame than the issue in hand. Head Office is becoming rather busy these days, leading to problems with car parking and finding meeting spaces. The technology and systems are rather “locked down” which can be frustrating as it gets in the way of doing the job. But these are relatively minor problems that management are aware of and working to resolve.. Work hard and you are rewarded.  Unfortunately, my department moved to Swindon otherwise I would still be with them.. Old fashioned way of working.  Hypocritical management who do not live their values but bang on about them endlessly and pointlessly.. Stressful and demanding. Not a job you can just turn up to every day and coast in.. stressful and demanding, the job can be stressful at times but its all worth it. Decision making and change comes more slowly at Nationwide. Such high levels of collaboration slows down enablement
Seen as a company that can offer a good work-life balance, but this isn't often the case. A lot is expected from you in all roles
Performance management process not defined or refined enough. demands of the job and stress... but its all worth it.. good brand - but can be a little shy in telling the wider world about themselves. 1) The rating system is based around "Behaviours" and "Tasks". Behaviours has a lot more weight to it and unless you are willing to kiss up to the managers you will not get a large bonus, pay rise or promotion.
2) Archaic company using old computer systems stuck in a red ocean strategy.
3) Do not value higher education.
4) Sexism - 65-70% of the workforce are women including most managers. Makes it harder for men to succeed who are just as capable if not more so.
5) Lack of opportunity. Most roles in Swindon where obviously not many people want to live.
6) Sychophantic culture.
7) Low salaries. Benchmarks are at bottom of national average and in some cases even lower. Causes high staff churn and makes work less productive and efficient.. Just a tiny one .... systems need a bit of improvement but i know that is something that is being worked on at the moment.. I am struggling to think of any really.. Some very questionable decisions are made by senior management which implies they don't really know what they are doing. 
Might advertise being on customers side and that they 'look after their people', reality is there are too many barriers to really achieve anything great. Everything, and I mean everything, is done by committee, very hierarchical.. -Pay scales don't leave much wiggle room once you've been in the same job role a few years, longer-term employees are more inclined to think 'what's the point?'.
-External staff with less experience are brought in on higher salaries.
-Recruitment is painfully slow at times leaving branches short staffed.. Talk a good game on putting customer First and enabling employees, but it is just gloss. Management don't have a clue, and projects are run like a car crash.. -Didn't do enough to keep staff
-More training needed and help with development. Parking isn't great, get in early if you want a space! Depending on the business area things can get quite political, so like anywhere work out who you can trust and who you can't. It can be quite difficult to get things done at speed due to having to get things done by committee.. A lot of the senior managers seem to make change for the sake of it. None or very little has anything to do with the business needs. 

Wrong people in the wrong roles. 

Not really customer focused.. Always behind the competition. Followers not leaders
Ageing systems.
can only progress career if your in with the managers. 
Cost cutting is getting ridiculous despite great profits
Huge pressure to hit targets which has increased massively despite management insisting that they have done away with targets. Poor management, a building society pretending they are not a bank but acting as if they are, low staff morale, high pressure, poor communication, inefficient leadership, back stabbing and only getting promoted when your terrible at your job (to promote poor people out of their jobs into a different role)???. There's never enough parking spaces!. They don't handle and communicate change well, particular during organisational changes. 
Too much trust and autonomy given to the contract population.. FS provider not primarily based in the capital, comparatively small company with limited opportunity for moving location and therefore challenging to progress as quickly as other companies. they claim to be pride, but it is only a façade. Back-stabbing is a very popular sport, but few will admit it.
low salaries,  no training opportunity and old-fashion way of working. obsolete IT systems and cahotic environment. Too hierarchical organisation dows not help inner communication.. Fluffy targets which are cloudy at best. Senior level managers who are so out of touch with reality. Chief executive who is more about penny pinching than innovation. Poor levels of promotion in rural areas. Would prefer to outsource than develop insiders. Does not reward customer service effectively. Poor salaries, nothing more than a housewives handbag salary. Very very poor union who is dangled by the strong of the chief execs. They are continually making people redundant but do it in small tranches so as to avoid the adverse publicity that their peers get.  Being under this pressure does not make for a good working environment.. outdated systems which often crash, faulty indoor ATMs that always break and insubstantial training- often half showed something then expected to do it in front of a customer. Low pay for the amount of jobs you are expected to do each day and often feels there is not enough staff.. Seems that they are trying to drive out the older staff. Not very good at recognition or development - large entity negatives such as siloing, the potential to be forgotten about or not noticed, managers not knowing what the processes are. The oppertunities were only available if your face fits, and you were based in the right building. I worked there as a temp and got on well for well over a year. I was given an oppertunity on a permenant contract and within 6 months was told that I didn't pass probation. Turns out they wanted the role based in the Swindon office. Even the union felt it was wrong that I was let go.. Sometimes the job is difficult. You encounter situations where you just cant do enough for the people you are trying to help, and that is hard to deal with at times. Sometimes it feels like process gets in the way of success.. There are never enough staff to serve the ever-increasing numbers of customers so there is always a lot of pressure. The constant staff turnover as people progress means that there are never enough experienced people which puts pressure on everybody to support people as they learn on the job.. Low salaries respect the competition.. You have to work very hard. Can honestly say that I can't think of any major downsides. The start/finish/break times are fairly inflexible but that is the same with most private sector companies. I was on one of the 'new-style' contracts which meant I had to work every Saturday with a weekday off to compensate. This was a bit of a pain especially if you had to use leave to take a Saturday off but other people on your team who did the same job were on a Saturday rota. This felt a bit unfair. Its in an industry which uses performance targets - so if you're not happy with monthly targets then this isn't the job for you.. Not so much positives for Permanent. target bonus was with drawn and replaced with service bonus but the amounts that can be made are a lot lower then before meaning over all earning for the year have dropped.  Saturday working is stated as ' to be agreed with manager' in contract but manager states this isn't an option and has to be done even though I work part time to fit around my kids i have to do as many saturdays as a full time worker when everything else in the company is pro rata'd. i don't agree with the fact that an outsider coming into a roll who knows nothing about nation-wide can come in on a higher rate than some one (like me) who came in as a cashier and worked my way up to my current role, again someone like me would be expected to help said person in training etc.. you have to literally brown nose to get anywhere in NBS. You are treated as a number and will never be recognised for any hard work you put in. sure... they do give you random certificates (that are printed on standard a4 printer paper, signed by the head of department & then laminated to make it look fancy when its not), but they dont mean anything, you dont get any self satisfaction or even new responsibilities or ventures within you job roll once you have been given that certificate. To add insult to injury this "AMAZING" certificate is then handed to you by your line manager while your working & that's it. 

Another really bad thing is that there is a massive gap between management and lower level employees... its almost like a snobbish/look down on people culture that most management adopt!. Lack of leadership from the top, cloudy team objectives with with regards targets that don't exist & folks threatened with job loses for not hitting non existent targets, Nationwide abandoned work life balance a couple of years ago forcing staff with families to work their hours at branch level over 6 days rather than 5. pay is poor compared with other financial institutions & the final salary pension scheme has gone. High pressure sales environment but tries to hide from that in the real world - no transparency any more just another faceless financial institution struggling to move with the times & no longer values its employees.. Slow servers, low salary compared to London FS firms.. Nationwide is not sure what it is. As a building society, and closely following the new FCA regulations, it tries not to come across as too salesy, but then is very sales-oriented internally. Massive company politics. Tends to outsource a lot of capabilities, which can be frustrating for staff and customers.. Very low salary for the responsibility you take on as a branch manager, do not get paid for overtime worse of it all you work Saturdays and do not get paid, senior management do not care about your welfare do not give you any support what so ever, Regular Days without Lunch breaks are missed due to shortage of staff means branch manager has to cover the tills on a regular basis,complaining customers on a daily basis as complaints process is dealt with at branch level amongst all the other work you need to do, where can I stop these are just some of the points to give you an idea.. the location off the offices are in swindon and the surrounding area does not allow much networking. Little to no progression to different positions within the company
High turnover of staff
Lack of support from higher management. Poor salary, high pressure to sell, not paid for overtime and rarely allowed to claim it back in leiu, highly competitive atmosphere, regularly changing legislation, very poor career progression channels.. The salaries for the different roles could be better. If you want more money it may be better to look at one of the banks.. Lots of cabinet reshuffles which can be distracting and unsettling. This may not be apparent from the outside but Nationwide is a hugely dull company to work for. Despite being the first UK provider to offer online banking, Nationwide no longer innovates and is now lagging behind its competitors in areas where it used to be a market leader. 

The Executive Directors, and in particular the CEO, are so risk-adverse that it has stifled innovation. 

Nationwide's public image is confused as a result of mixed messages from the marketing department. 

Incessant 'cost optimisation' programs have adversely affected every division across the entire society and there has been little investment made since the disastrous Voyager program (with the exception of the swanky new office in London for the Chief Exec). 

IT systems are outdated and in desperate need of modernisation. 

Massive amounts of outsourcing have resulted in many talented people leaving the organisation and the loss of invaluable skills and experience. 

Promotions are often given based on tenure not competence, and it is widespread that someone whose "face fits" is promoted to a new role in a different department despite having no knowledge of that department or the role they are now performing - this is particularly apparent within the IT division.

Training budgets are laughable... and remarkably are now being cut even further. Classroom courses are unheard of, and even web-based training is no longer available.. Recruitment process is not particularly transparent as senior managers have an 'idea' of who they would like in their particular span of control, this gives rise to those being employed on the basis of who they know as opposed to arriving on merit (a term that seems to be non-existent herein).
overall as discussed, pro's outweigh the negative management but be prepared to make massive sacrifices to entertain management whims.. backstabbing if you want to get promotions and lots of people progressing due to who you know rather than what you know.. Very Cliquey, Stupid conflicting targets and expectations, conflicting messages from senior managment to what line managers say. The company is trying to cut cost wherever possible, whilst asking us to be more efficent spend less time talking to customer / dealing with queries we were also expected to hit a sales target and deliver the best service possible. It isnt possible to sell to someone with rapport and consultative sales whilst hitting cost cutting targets.. lack of transparence in peer salaries and poor skills/job matrix. pressure of sales on service oriented calls. Old back office systems, old-fashion way of working, although undergoing lots of changes. Not enough training and development possibilities. Low salaries compare to the other companies in the financial sector.. Limited products which generate value for the branch (eg: savings accounts and bonds dont count towards targets unlike banks)

Training could be better for cashiers.. not much room to progress. Lack of promotion and leadership, no mentoring and analysis of employees' potential
Very cliquey with older employees not willing to integrate, train and work as a team
Poor pay and bonus structure. The office is out of town so more difficult to do general day to dat activities. Parking on site can be an absolute nightmare. un-transparent of salary and promotion; unsatisfactory basic salary compares to peers; poor recognition of work.. Limited funds to drive forward change. None enjoyed working within company. Pay, hours, job role, communication. Small bank limited to progress. I started here as an experienced adviser and realised within days this bank is on a downward trajectory in a huge way. Co-op sold off a huge stake to venture capitalists and  it is gradually being sold off /  asset stripped from the inside out. The wholesale and insurance parts are already gone, and the bank as a functional entity no longer exists. Co-op is awash with contractors and consultants trying to fix legacy issues such as substandard 1970s IT, the complete lack of arrears process on financial difficulties, and the mismanagement at all levels. This bank claims to be ethical and customer centric but what I saw here was an exercise in how to mismanage and ruin your reputation in the eyes of the customer. From the mortgage side of things, no new lending is issued by Co-op these days - yes really, they only service existing customers and only those willing to navigate the bank's absurd version of a factfind. Clients are subjected to 3 hour long mortgage "factfinds" which are essentially scripted interrogations far removed from anything the FCA deems as acceptable. The advisers are overseen by power-mad quality assurance people with the requisite huge chip on their shoulders aiming to prove themselved as ruthless and willing to "manage people" effectively. This usually involving quibbling and picking your work to pieces, failing advisers for any reason, whilst feigning the whole "I want to support you" charade but then sticking the proverbial  boot in when your back is turned. Examples of call fails included things such as not asking if a customer's 3 year old daughter intends to go to university in the future - "you didnt forecast future expenses. FAIL!" or "you didnt probe enough on what car the customer will drive and how much the payments will be in 3 years on the new lease when their current car lease expires. FAIL!" All in there were 200+ hypothetical, spurious reasons advisers were failed, and feedback was largely a 1 hour debrief where the same pedantic, petty processes were used to tell you how they'd have done better (plot twist: they wouldn't have). The mortgage  dept was governed by this same ridiculously overbearing culture whicb  passed or failed people based on their mood or what side they got out of bed on that day. It bordered on lunacy and gross incompetence, and the policies I saw put employees on a fast track to being managed out of the business via bullying, petty vindictive micro-management, or sheer malicious spite. The comments shared by other ex-Co-op advisers online have alleviated my concerns that it wasnt just me, and rather this is just a broken bank that pushes people into a corner and makes staff miserable wherever the bank decide a person's face doesnt fit. Customer's (and colleagues) concerns about over intrusive, contrived questioning are dismissed and the bank essentially ignores any suggestions to streamline or automate any broken processes. I laughed and despaired in equal parts working for this bank, they really are the most grossly inefficient company I've worked for in 20+ years. Their ethos of being the "ethical bank" who dont lend to arms companies or those involved in oppressive regimes is largely a redundant, empty sentiment these days as they dont have the capital to lend to ANYONE at all anymore; all I saw in this bank was a lot of dragging out of projects whilst the bank barely breaks even profit-wise. The frontline, naively optimistic junior staff are always being reassured the bank is solvent and stable when in fact it is crippled from a funding point of view and essentially wont exist as a bank within the next 10 years. I would urge anyone who is offered a job at Co-op to approach it with a huge sense of caution. This bank do no want to change or become innovative, they are not Barclays, Santander or HSBC and they will not survive the next financial crash. Be cautious and join them at your peril.. less opportunity for those who want to grow in accounting. Over the course of the years I've felt 'done over' by the HR team and policies. Unlike other places I've worked for HR have no interest in providing useful support for colleagues, and whenever pay or money comes into play the Bank shows its nastier side. Overtime is non-existent despite frequently having to work outside of hours and instead the approach is to 'claim back-time' which isn't feasible given that long hours are needed to finish expected work load. 

There is a bad habit of only recruiting internally, but then despite being promoted or moved into new roles pay isn't amended to reflect the new role but instead is capped to only increase by a certain percent. Career opportunities like this are limited as people are typically cherry picked for roles so recruitment is hardly fair, but when opportunities do come up loyalty is punished and remaining here will mean working SIGNIFICANTLY under the market average for a role.

Senior leadership generally do not provide support.. Salary could be much better. none none none none none. Reduced number of branches
branch clousers. Financial services are changing at pace. very tiring
poor pay
long working hrs. Targets
Relentless calls 
Stress and pressure to meet expectations. An unstable year, resources low, below industry pay. Currently some uncertainty due to restructuring. - So much red tape preventing valuable digital transformation. As a developer we are limited to what we can and can't use because of security concerns. Even things as simple as staying connected via slack. 

- Things are always done in the cheapest possible way and I personally think this is a losing strategy. 

- Salary and benefits are not great.

- There's a real struggle to retain skilled staff.

- Regulatory "emergencies" often get in the way of deliverables.. Uncertainty of branch closures. 
Sometimes unrealistic expectations of performance.. High expectation to work additional hours and take on additional pressure for no additional pay. Micro Management and terrible salary, no opportunities for development. Systems, pay, progression, stability, sick pay abuse. - Redundancies feel like they occur so often. No opportunities, upper management will actually stop your progression however they want 
Managers change targets as they please without any input from employees
Wages are almost always paid incorrectly and trying to get money owed takes forever. Bad tech, horrible in fact.. Lots of restructures and changes. Redundancies every 6 months which lead to lower morale. Manipulative and next to no support.. no support
not fair
advocates are right, managers say cant do it. always comes back in a loop where advocates are correct and very much late to the party. processes could be actioned quicker.. The company has really gone downhill in the past year. I haven’t worked at the bank particularly long however have already noticed a decline! All they are bothered about is profit and are more than happy to run their staff into the ground to get it. Since making redundancies the new ‘bosses’ are unfairly demanding causing multiple people to be off with stress and to even leave the company all together! 
There has also been almost no support during the coronavirus outbreak and we have received absolutely nothing for working throughout the pandemic.. the way other companies have dealt with the situation and rewarded there staff should make the co-op ashamed.. Not much to complain about. I don't have any negative words. Management in contact centre are bad. Minimal budgets, corners cut over 20 years, things can be tricky.. Like all workplaces there can be a bit too much red tape sometimes.
Sometimes too many meetings but this has improved.
Internal salary progression can sometimes be overshadowed by the salaries of the external market, creating some uneven salaries in some teams when new hires join.. . . . . .. Old school IT systems but thats it.. Old systems 
Teams and systems that don’t talk to each other 
Owners that don’t seem to care about the business. Years of under investment and issues managing behaviour. Slow. This review. Annoying. Pointless. Pay not competitive, not many additional benefits. They are unable to compete with other banks and look to save money at every chance, as a result of this they are unable to compete in terms of salary. Staff retention is very low and lose their most experienced staff to competitors.. No place to mistaks and errors.. Needs to enter the 21st century with procedures. fewer branches limited face to face contact branches closing. Incompetence is the general word I would use for cooperative bank. Every level of the bank were atrocious at doing the simplest of tasks, from management to HR to payroll, to business teams, customer service... even the likes of fraud dept etc. Everyone was useless, blame and responsibility was just shifted onto someone else and problems were never dealt with. The bank is on a steady decline and I wouldn’t be suprised if they go bust all together soon - the way they treat staff is horrendous and they run business like they’re stuck in the 90’s. Outdated systems, processes - customers were always so frustrated with how slow and behind the times we were as a bank. 

It is well known that it’s against regulatory requirements to use targets and sales as leverage for staff, as this would lead to unfair outcomes for the customers. However each staff member was heavily targeted and pretty much forced to sell different types of accounts, insurance etc. We were also targeted on booking appointments even during the midst of a pandemic. We were cold calling customers (again, not aloud) to try and hit targets forced down onto us by managers, even when everyone was told by the government to stay at home. 

I could go on forever at how badly run the company is, I have no doubt in the next 12/24 months the cooperative bank will be no more. 

The bank in general break so many of the FCA requirements it’s shocking to not have been picked up on.. The talk a good game on values, but don’t really mean it at the most senior level. They are trying to grow and build but don’t have the funding, experience or technology to do so. Some terrible managers, senior management is not always properly transparent when challenged, lots of clueless people in high positions, everybody is way overstretched and working on a shoestring budget, ancient tech holds back progress, salaries way below market value, bonus small and inconsistent due to lack of profit.. It is very much customer focused rather than staff focused also. Pressure reached daily target if don't reach target not get a incentive. Some people don't exhibit the behaviours the Co-op prides itself on. Not give any other benefits. Can be a boring job, office is outdated and old. No overtime, not always recognised. Lazy colleagues, antiquated systems, questionable leadership and limited scope for commercial/personal growth.. challenging working environment, challenging business model, legacy issues. I wouldn’t give any cons. legacy issues were the most significant and management essentially have to start again. old systems, takes forever to get work approved, resource isn't managed well at all. It's network is not as large. Lack of opportunities, systems outdated.. Sometimes take a while to get things done.. The work was a bit repetitive....not much challenge. Frequent Organisational Designs concern of job stability. Still battling negative public image. Not agile In decision making. Old systems that cause problems. Not the most desirable of building to work in.. None that I can think of. Too much red tape 
Too heirachical
Slow to make decisions. lack of funds, slow processes. doesnt have the funds to compete with competitors. Progression Opportunities are virtually non-existent. Poor benefits and salary in comparison to industry. Alot of work load ,and targets pressure. Sometimes it can be a case of 'if your face fits' to get ahead
No financial incentive to progress. Not too much room for pay growth. bonus not great but hey. The majority of opportunities to progress are at the head office in Manchester, meaning if you don't live there it is hard to progress.. Limited in terms of salary and progression. Management are contradicting and don't listen constructive feedback
Have to use your 20 minute break time to go the toilet, get a drink etc.. No cons it’s a great place. - Management only care about statistics. Aside from one or two who will genuinely support you - all they want is for you to hit your targets and don’t care about the impact on your health or mental well being. 
- Holiday System - Can’t book holidays unless you know the date of what you want off months in advance. If it’s a week or two then you’re very unlikely to get it.
- Systems - Systems are very old and can be slow. When dealing with customers it’s difficult to not agree with them when they complain. 
- In the midst of a global pandemic, essentially no support given at all. We get told not to worry about our statistics yet within a week or two we are being chastised about ensuring we bring them down. 
- Timetable - You are scheduled to every minute of your day. If you’re on an 8-4 shift they will schedule your lunch at 11 despite it not being past noon and you’re unable to change it. 
- We are trained on Personal Current Accounts yet we are essentially doing most other department’s work - don’t be surprised if you’re dealing with Fraud, Disputes, Bereavement. They get shorter hours whilst Customer Contact works 8-8 Mon-Sun for the same pay. 
- Call Reviews - Routinely some to ensure you are giving the correct information on the phone. However, they will tell you to build rapport with customers yet when this is done it is unnecessary and needs to be stopped to bring down call time.. Has had its problems in the past. Outdated systems and hardware making working very slow and is often frustrating, always lots of work to do especially at peak periods, apparently anyone can do any job.. Uncertainty due to exit from grouop. Many. Senior management were awful, they put alot of pressure on people. It was one rule for them and one rule for everyone else.. Low staffing levels across all levels of business meaning unnecessary delays, and pressure from customers. Although there are no targets in place, if we are not achieving the key performance indicators set the atmosphere definitely changes.. Nothing I can think of.. Whilst there is work underway to develop this...some leaders still operate in a hierarchical fashion and don’t fully embrace the bank values.. lack of AC made it very warm when working, which can make you lose focus at times.. There are so many!

- More focused on stats than service - you’d be forced to be on a call for less than so many seconds and be penalised for going over, despite resolving the complaint.

- the constant lack of service caused huge complaints you had to deal with and mobile and online banking was down more than it worked - you were also forced to promote digital channels (laughable)

- management were awful! You were in constant fear of disciplinary meetings for satisfaction surveys from customers being bad (despite having no control of this), spending too long on a call, spending too much time adding notes, the list goes on!

- those that sold the most (even when they got processes badly wrong!!) were praised in front of everyone and nobody at management level would accept an error had been made despite listening to the call that was so wonderful!

- archaic systems

- managers were “people managers” and had no clue how to do the job of those they “managed”...always great when a customer wants to speak to a manager.

- management unapproachable and clicky 

-reducing opening hours meaning calls queuing for up to an hour.

- constant redundancies

A definite trigger for breakdowns and most of the managers spent a lot of time off sick, yet you take Time off (for a broken bone and with a doctors note!) and you have management coming to your home and threatening disciplinary action.

Just horrendous...I’ll never know how I managed 13 years!. Pay under sector average. Fundamentally broken so colleagues are fighting a loosing battle 
Toxic / dysfunctional work environment. Management
Salaries
Limited job vacancies
Senior management
Career progression could be difficult due to limited opportuninies. Terrible technology infrastructure, job uncertainty,. IT needs to be improved. The time you finish isn't the time you finish. Struggle to get pay rises. Decisions made at the top without input from the actual smes leading to bad decisions, trying to run before they can crawl, outdated practices, say we are all one team but dont act like it. So many old systems mean making a small change balloons into a much larger piece of work.
Processes to deliver change take to long
Staff are not given the tools to do their jobs, i.e. mobile phones have been removed from most staff with people being too to bring their own device, should I bring my own laptop as well?. IT  / legacy challenges
Continued cost cutting
Consistent management changes - not alway for the better. Tech is way behind competitors leaving it at a huge risk in the industry 
Too many middle managers. Can get boring at times and numerous phone calls with same questions makes job predictable with no new challenges. Senior management team change as fast as day and night
Workload and hours 
Poor recognition. Teams in digital aren't always taken seriously, more can be done to transform the bank into a forward-thinking bank that can actually compete with challengers. A lot of 'processes' but not much output. Long-term, it could become draining.. Value proposition creates a challenge in a sales role.. Can be a high pressure environment.. They have helped me in my career so difficult to say cons!. Lower pay than industry average
Friends of management get management jobs. > It's a very slow moving business and thats not because of bank regulations or control. It's slow because no one really leads or makes executive decisions. 

> A lot of planning meetings & conversations but little action.

>  A lack of forward thinking.

> Existing staff that have been with the business for 10 years + but contribute very little.

> I've seen behaviours of individuals that truly dont align with the values of the business.

> The business has nothing to do with the Co-op. Historically it does but right now it has 0 connection.

> Decisions at Head Office never seem to be aligned so this impacts non-head office business areas.

> Outdated systems.

> Last to market on a number of front.

> They tend to miss big opportunities, consistently.

> They need to listen to their digital/tech experts who will position the Co-op

> Some people are in roles which they don't have the qualifications or experience to be in. They're simply in the role because they've been at the Co-op Bank for X amount of years.

> A lot of core business functions are outsourced. Clearly the bank has had a torrid time over the last 10 years and there is still plenty of risk to be managed.   For those not interested in challenge and addressing risks and issues then this is not the place for you.... Constantly changing strategy and operating model.. Some of the people. Work life balance not good. Some 9 hour days. Work 4 out of 8 weekends. Progression can be difficult. You'll know your manager, you'll possible interact with their manager but once you get further up, the relationships between higher management and the staff becomes dissolved.  Not many employee benefits.. Like most banks on the high street the con would be lack of flexibility with hours, however part time working hours are usually accommodated when possible.. Very old fashioned in many ways. None encountered as of yet. Talkers will get further than people who actually get things done
They will spend millions on a project and not deliver anything, this can be very frustrating when you're trying to get things, which would actually make a difference, delivered
Annual appraisal process is awful. Your performance is decided well before any performance conversations. "they have to fit the bell curve". Good news is if you challenge it they will probably change it. 
You will get paid more in other places
Having worked there, you do feel that the 'Ethical' brand is nothing more than a marketing tactic. There in no limited work and cant grow up there limits for every thing. I’ve been here over a year, it’s completely under resourced in every department, they seem to be cutting heads without implementing any smart ways of working for the people who remain which is slowly causing a high level of sickness due to stress.

The senior leadership are uninspiring and provide little confidence in the people they manage
Communication can be improved 
Not provided with the correct tools to do the job. - A lot of bureaucracy when signing off projects
- Silo mentality at times, which can make things difficult
- Slow to replace leaving members of staff. Poor unaccountable managing, inconsistent performance tests varied greatly between staff. I would highly advise joining a union and having them present during meetings with mangers as they will steam role their opinion as irrefutable facts.  I often skipped lunch and worked free overtime to write detailed notes on the outdated systems but this was not recognised by managers who were often unapproachable.. There has been a lot of change in recent years however we are relaunching our strategy and there is an exciting journey ahead of us. Late hours. Lots of standing up workload so feet hurt all the time.. long hours, no career prospects. Not allowed to go the toilet outside of your breaks or you will be reported as "not achieving" and could be sacked (this is monitored to the minute)! Take staff for granted, Poor pay,  No longer flexible with working patterns, Management don't seem to know what they are doing they change their mind often and talk down to others, Management do not keep staff private issues as such and seem to think it is ok to share with who they like, Staff speak to cleaning and catering staff disgustingly, Moral and motivation between staff is very low.. - Certain areas are unorganised. Management skills are poor, don't expect to get any feedback whatsoever unless you're not doing your job well. If you're good at your job, the only person who will give you a pat on your back is yourself.

Responsibility from stakeholders is avoided too much and passed around unwanted.

Overly bureaucratic ways hinder and severely slows down work.

All important work goes to consultants and contractors leaving permanent members of staff lacking in decent experience.. pay is generally lower than other firms. Systems and processes need improving particularly IT.
Salary reviews are poor.
Management don't take action.. Emphasis on selling loans, overdrafts poor senior management. A bank crippled by straying from its core values and business but which is trying to rebuild. A difficult environment not for the faint of heart but well worth the risk.. Not great - consistantly changing structures and management with no stability or consistantly. They have no clear direction , - poor infrastructure ( IT is way out of date and every development costs a fortune. They restructure every few months, make people redundant and then pay twice as much for contractors. They are haemorrhaging  money from everywhere.. Salary Bonus Legacy Constrained Flux. where do i start? Management are shocking and treat you like school kids, there is no form of respect to staff! No wonder customers keep closing thier accounts and switching to other banks - there are no branches at all, poor customer service, and handing over student accounts and career dev loan accounts to WESCOTTS without notifying the customer!!! also 2 weeks ago there was a complete shutdown of systems and no computers were working! such a poor and ill treatment of its staff and customers - no wonder the CEO is known as a crackhead. Co-Op bank will be dissolved!. Regular organisational change / risk of redundancy. Very bad pay, no progression, don't make a profit. There can be a lot of uncertainty due to the bank's financial position. Little opportunity for development or progress. Old systems . Dying it infrastructure. Bad hr policies.. Poor communication, long winded and out of date porcessss and decisions take too long to be made.. Some positions do not offer a salary that is in line with market reference.. Job description I applied for was not accurate. Seems to be the case for a lot of team members.

Making staff redundant (common place in companies these days, but the co op handled it with no sensitivity)

No room for pay progression 

Outdated systems

Large volume of contractors making for high turn over

Office is run down. Wallpaper falling off walls, buckets collecting water dripping from the ceiling, broken doors, escalators out of order every other day.

No training, expected to learn as you go.. No direction and poor management. Out of date technology 
Too much reliance on contractors and 3rd parties 
No leadership, vision or direction. 
No desire to change. 
Still thinks it’s an 80,000 company rather than a 4,500 employee.. Low salary
No room for progression
Poor computer system
Poor management. high targets which determine your commissions. Minimal budgets to do anything. The legacy IT systems in the Bank are difficult to work with to get the job done.   You also have to live with some of the mistakes of the past that are difficult to undo and just make everything harder than it needs to be.   The Bank can be too formal at times, it needs to loosen up at times and take a risk so we can be slightly edgier and forward thinking in our approach.. Given the current situation within the Bank, there is not much opportunity for salary increases.. Overtime pay isn’t that great. Senior management continue to bring in their colleagues from previous employers it is clearly not what you know but who is your mate !  Constant worry of job security. Slow to react to market conditions
Office environment not best. Absolutely no chance of progression. Poor salary.. Difficult place to move the ladder in. Low salary compared to roles in other companies.. Not much room for career development.. Banks in trouble, cutting costs and feels like the values have been lost, bank goes through restructure twice a year. Inefficient processes. Outdated systems. Needs more investment.. A bank that wants to be a building society
Poor IT
Limited budget
Lack of career progression
Shrinking balance sheet. Technology is pretty desperate.  Lots of contractors so frustrating.. Budgets are always tight when delivering change which can be limiting and frustrating. They are disorganised with training and policy.
They promote diversity and fairness but have a blame and "click" (it's who you know) culture.
They enforce unobtainable (not allowed to call them targets!) objectives and, at branch level at least, your pay rise and bonus are at the mercy of customer service polls, which customers often use to complain about unrelated issues but the company will not remove these poor scores from against you name when this happens, you are expected to make up the shortfall or lose out on bonuses and can end up on a development plan to the bargain.. Poor slow systems no investment in smaller branches. UK only business.
Challenger bank space cluttered.
Lending businesses all challenged by low interest rates.
Brand something of a mixed bag with recent PR often negative.. It feels dead end, often losing the will to live because you have customers call after call being unhappy and managers refusing to take over the call. The company is despicable. People in management are a disgrace and only care how they come across to their superiors. Instead of making you redundant, they will formulate a situation where you do something wrong as it wasn’t communicated properly, and then try to get rid of you for it. I know at least 7 employees this has happened to. An abomination to the Co-operative name, and everyone above an F3 paygrade should be made to spend a week in the G2-G4 roles to get a grip on reality. Not willing to take on board the opinions of employees, lack of support for case handlers, target driven and little appreciation shown to case handlers, Stressful due to the lack of support. Systems can sometimes let you down. Get paid wrong or not at all.
Management do not care about us little people. 
Poor poor training
Targets targets and more targets with no incentives. 
Social life becomes no existent, they claim to be flexible but they are far from it. 
Managers are in experienced and don’t care about their teams. 
Systems outdated 
The need to correct everyone else’s mistakes. 
All round joke of a company.. Pressure on 'appointment' (sales) targets. Management are like headless chickens. All the best one's were forced out in 2013 - 2014. Senior Exec are in name only - all decisions are taken by the Hedge Funds and Exec just told to enforce. Nobody can question the most non-sensical decisions.
The Bank Exec were more suprised than anyone that rescue plan was agreed.. Originally applied for 30 hours, started training only to be told a week later it's 40 hours a week and every weekend and if you don't like it off you go.
Very very very little training which is ridiculous when dealing with people's money.
Sometimes no parking spaces.
Managers tell you one thing, then come back and tell you something different.. The job description I applied for did not match with the actual role I had. That was the case also for other individuals in my department who ended up leaving because of that.

IT systems can not be described to give the idea of how poor they are. Everything is manual and so is the constant manipulation and adaptation of data.

Zero investments on people and their development.

Line managers unwilling to listen to direct reports. Really poor corporate culture. Changes in higher management have been frequent over recent years.. Very little investment in staff skills so it's very much learn as you go. Benefits are pretty much non existent but this is very much to do with how the company was.. Targets targets targets!
Worked to the bone
Can spend a large part of the day helping a vulnerbale customer and effectively change their lives by making them financially better and more confident managing their own finances.
Management only recognise that after you have met your targets. So called ethical bank on paper. My manager bought me a coffee in the morning for doing well and was sacked by the same guy in the afternoon no joke! I have evidence to back it up.. Antiquated systems, senior short-term thinking prevalent. Lack of foresight and investment in the last few decades has culminated in a difficult, and often frustrating place to work.. The uncertainty / media stories together with what feels like perpetual restructuring has had an impact on morale.. Not much drive for progression and training opportunities constantly pulled. When secured internal job, start date was repeatedly pushed back whilst kept on lower salary.. lots of paper work to get thru gates. I found the Coop non Innovative.. Bad management, poor systems, customers not happy with banks position. Progression into leadership is unstructured and at times can be frustrating at the least, very much a fend for yourself type experience.

Facing difficult PR and financial scrutiny. too rigid in their employe expectations. Career progression and lack of investment over recent times has left the business in a challenging position to shrink to a more local and streamlined operation.. We don't always have the budget to do everything we want, which means we have to compromise and priorities.. Lack of risk control framework and management. Questionable Leadership brushing over serious issues and hiding poor performance. I didn't feel valued
I felt like just a number 
The training is shcoking
The management have no say there just told what to do.
It's chaos half the time, things are changing all the time. Higher management are constantly leaving and bring replaced. 
The staff feel so unstable. 
There has been so many experienced talented staff leave because of how poorly their treated.. Short term thinking dominates. Constant rotation of new management and organisational changes means a lack of continuity, while good practice built by those on the ground gets lost. Senior leaders consistently fail to put the Values of the organisation into practice, and forget to invest time and effort into developing the people and teams who work for them.. Been tough few years so difficult to be innovative - more about getting by. Good roles to be had but need to have eyes open. Job security - renowned for regular restructuring.. Generally poor salaries and benefits compared to other banks, shocking executive management, ethics have never applied to staff over a long period only to investments. Objective setting and EOY reviews are poor and their is a 'curve' despite constant denials of one.  Lack of investment in IT since turn of century has finally caught up with them. Once at the forefront  with brands like Smile the internet bank they are now stuck with crippling legacy that is too expensive to transform.. Corporate communication
Personal recognition
Vision & strategy
Facilities
Workload. Limited opportunity for career progression unless you are based in Manchester.  This is also because the structure of branches, number of roles and number of branches are reducing as more banking moves to digital.   Work life balance depends upon your immediate managers attitude and own life experience, some managers are very supportive while others are more concerned about themselves.. The offices were rather empty, something which was exacerbated by their size. Seems to be partly down to it being the summer, and that lots of it is free space kept for colleagues occasionally coming from Manchester.. Outdated systems that impair the ability to work at pace. The Cooperative Bank still use Lotus Notes!
Limited opportunities for advancements due to cut backs.
Uncertainty regarding future.
Decisions taken and then reversed, this is at a senior level and at a local level. Sometimes decisions are just not made at all.
Poor salary. If you're an existing employer often makes financial sense to leave as salaries are so low compared to the rest of the sector.
Ethical approach sometimes not reflected in dealings with staff.. Technology outdated
Long serving colleagues often paid considerably less than new recruits 
Current level of change means roles are potentially short term. Decisions are made by committee; it feels like there is no clear direction from leaders.. Lot of bad behaviours, lack of promotion opportunities, salary is well below market rate. Staff retention is non-existent. No training opportunities. No money in the bank to invest in its people.. Slow moving, business in a really tough position. Intense cost pressures. I had limited support and delivered under huge constraints (basic resource). Short term focus.. managers are ineffective - systems old & need updating - internet banking shambles. none - I regret leaving :(. Senior management decision around growth. Management team with different priorities to the front line staff
Bully boy behaviours consistently
Always reactive- never pro active
No focus on staff engagement at all or recognition
Managers spend time with staff when they have done things wrong, never when they have done things right
Look after your own style senior managers. All in it together.
No management of anyone about Team Leader level. Customer service managers constantly under achieve/upset and bully people but get away with it.. 1) Sadly staff feel undervalued and are made to feel worthless.

2) A stressful and challenging environment. Work life balance is non-existent.

3) Always have the fear of branch closures and redundancy hanging over your head.

3) Clueless senior management who really shouldn't still be there.

4) High turn over due to pressure, lack of recognition and poor leadership.

5) The four Co-operative Bank values are expected to be lived and breathed every day by colleagues but the bank over-all fails to abide by its own ethics and values.

6) The bank is losing all of its good talent. Many great workers have left, been signed off sick or are just plain miserable.. Everything the culture - bullying managers trying to pinpoint blame on staff when it's the company not the front line staff. No assets left, no further corporate lending.....the end is nigh!. Lots of systems and processes to understand. Many years ago this was a great place to work. Unfortunately, after all its well docu melted problems, a new breed of senior management/ directors came in who are ruthless and way too political. The company is now an embarrassment.. Constant change, increasing performance expectations. Managers that are so obsessed with KPIs that they degrade staff and put undue pressure on them.. Flexible working is promoted but not on my team.  It's  the old 9-5 brigade and if you leave 5 mins early then it's like the Spanish inquisition.  Technology is dated but they are upgrading this year. - No progression.
- They struggle to retain their best staff.
- If you're from another retail bank then you're treated like royalty even if your not the best at your job.
- Some people sit in their role because they can't get like for like roles at other organisations.
- Hard work isn't rewarded.
- If you threaten to leave then you'll get a pay rise. I've sen some staff do this 3 times and the company falls for it each time.
- Your salary wont improve over time.
- Poor home working options.
- Business plans change weekly - not because the business is adaptable but rather because those who sign it off keep changing their minds.
- inconsistency in everything ... everywhere.. The bank is held back by old cluncky systems - it makes a lot of simple tasks long and arduous. The politics are awful, there are a lot of egos. Development and opportunities hugely differ depending on which team you're in and who your manager is.. A little behind with technology
A lot of 'Management'. Very old building, laptops, chairs, etc.
Hiring processes need to be more agile.. Poor management, staff treated terrible, no progression, hypocrites - they aren't as ethical as they claim to be. Heavily target driven.. I was bullied by my line manager and his friends for over a ten year period. I never got a promotion no matter how hard I worked, instead, I was rewarded with a bad review year after year.  Destroying both my life and my career was a game my line manager enjoyed playing. I was isolated and excluded on a daily basis. Some managers took to taunting me daily. The office for me, felt like being in a play ground full of bullies or a war zone, even though my colleagues were all grown men, at least ten years older than I was. Going to work, was a constant battle. Senior management were "unaware" of the situation. However, I was constantly being challenged to perform various tasks, one of which was to complete a management level Deep-Dive review of the Treasury portfolio. I performed the impossible! This resulted in my line-manager, his friends along with myself all being made redundant!. Carrier is concern, not carrier growth option is avaiable. The business was going through a period of change during my time there which of course can result in some unrest and people movement.  Overall no big negatives in my time there. Poor senior management which led to all the financial woes.. Poor leadership and sub-standard systems. Lack of financial support to projects that need to be delivered to ensure the Bank's offerings remain competitive.. Low paid high pressured sales job. Working 11 days out of 14 with at least 5 unpaid hours per month. You can never know when your getting home at night, despite stopping paid work at five. 
My branch colleagues under cut each other. All members of staff complained about the same colleague for harassment, bullying etc. And the manager said she could do nothing about it. 
 Had a minor surgery and my previous manager didn't complete a return to work despite being asked by myself another manager and an area leader. You will be expected to travel to cover other branches will 10 minutes warning.. heavily reliant on contractors who have no real emotional attachment to the business and as a consequence have little regard for permanent employees.  Bullying is common. Pervasive blame culture from Exec level down which results in people being unable to make decisions.   Customer facing part of the business has a good reputation and award winning, but operates a business within the business and so results in a disjointed organisation. Not very ethical with its appointment booking system at times. Poor pay for the risk involved.. A complete lack of direction.
Management Communication is entirely none existent.
They claim they want 'outside experience' but have no idea how to handle those people once they are hired.
Adverse to any real change.
CI Suggestions are met with challenges and barriers.
Multiple departments working on Bank wide projects do not communicate with one another.
Some of the most appalling people managing practices i have ever seen. I have witnessed bullying on more than one occasion, with very little done about it. 

A personal gripe but each building i attended was disgusting and dirty. There seems to be little to no pride taken in looking after the working environment.

Genuinely the worst experience of my entire working career and would advise anyone who hasn't worked there to seriously think twice before joining.. Poor pay, next to no career progression, unprofessional and dated IT systems

I was with the company for 20 weeks as a temp and was in the process of going permanent, everything signed was just awaiting on my medical records

Due to my mental health and having an isolated day off due to side effects of medication they contacted the agency  and told me not to come back in, although they were fully aware of my situation. Insensitive and clearly just didn't want the hassle of me missing a few hours of work a month with doctors appointments and therapy 

Dragged the whole temp to perm thing out as it was so they didn't have to pay fees, subsequently underpaid and had to fight my case to get paid bank holidays etc over the christmas period even though it became apparent that it was a legal requirement after 12 weeks

Also had to use holidays when I was off sick. Poor pay. Whilst i'm not looking to denigrate customer service roles, there are people in that position who are on better salaries than those in areas where there isn't the same staff turnover but are significantly more difficult jobs. No one complains because they've generally been there for donkey's years and are often close to retirement, so don't really care. for younger staff though, it's not ideal. I'm actively searching similar employment elsewhere as nearly every other rival company pays much better for my role.

Systems are VERY outdated, though these are allegedly being improved finally later in 2016, though with the co-operative's history of IT 'improvements' these will either be massively delayed or shelved at the last minute following another wasted £2-300million investment.

Senior management is a joke. They advocate putting ideas forward and they're just sent into the ether and nothing happens. 

The bank's a relic in a digital age. It always touted itself as being a compelling alternative - and it is. If you're sick of a bank with online banking that doesn't look like it's been designed by a 6th form IT student and a bank that can give you a loan decision in less than 3 working days then join the co-operative bank.. - Prejudicial and unfair recruitment practices
- Systems and procedures in dire need of update 
- Culture of permanent staff resenting contractors 
- Staff remuneration noncompetitive. - Career path is limited in retail banking
- Talent search isn't up to scratch. The Co-operative is making redundancies which needs to happen to save money.. Poor investment in IT infrastructure.. Can be frustrating at times due to dated systems that can hinder progress.. very sales orientated , but try to hide it. 
head office have no idea what its like in branch , and seem confused about what direction to move the branch in.
staff not appreciated just a number.. Poor leadership, not flexible enough.. Some very bad decisions, that were apparent to most of us outside of the ivory tower.. Difficult to progress
No real help from manager with development. So many!  The computer systems have needed updating for years, and have only gotten worse now that the Britannia branches have merged into the Co-op ones.  Saturday working is a pain too.  The atmosphere is horrible with all staff feeling undervalued.. Not really any room for progression. It seems you were always getting penalised for saying slightly incorrect scripts on the phone.. Once the manager changed, so did my whole experience.
 I could handle the out dated systems-- I could handle the angry customers, I could (almost) sell the pathetically short list of positive things our products had and unrealistic targets based on well established frontline branches that were completely unfeasible for slower branches...

but having a bad manager was the straw that broke the camel's back. Incredibly unprofessional, slave driving and treated her under performing employees like garbage, the daily stress caused me to have health problems that are TMI for this website. 

Management lost critical customer documents and blamed it on employees, awful management culture filled with inhuman robots. They want money and they'll step on your backs to reach it.. rubbish. management do not care about staff only making money.. Poor management structure. Too much hierarchy. Difficult to get things done. Working conditions and systems outdated. Too many contractors.. Poor working environment, offices are outdated and systems aren't fit for purpose. Pay is generally poor in relation to comparable roles and annual pay increases are low. The company is so far behind its competitors in every respect. 

With a few exceptions management at all levels generally aren't very good. Opportunities for progression are limited. Overall, I'd say if you have any ambition don't work at the Co-op!. You're targeted/ expected to sell extremely low interest rate savings and hounded by management for it if your leads to call ratio is not to their standard while the product is not to satisfactory public standard. Bullying tactics by management who use unachievable  results against you for the bank's failings to staff.  Management in head office are not one bit bothered about parents.. Everything else, just not a great place to work.. Poor employee remuneration, training based on performance, Less attention to detail. Poor communication with management. the senior management, the decision making capability post Britannia merger and the view in recent years that only external hires add any value. Leadership wasn't good so poor decision making. Some middle management chose favourites which created conflict.  Bad behaviours not addressed as they should.. Office culture could be improved, and the working environment could be modernised.. actual policy on floor is often opposite to official policy,
promotion only if face fits, targets quite random and changeable
customer service often left behind in push for 'positive outcomes'. Chaotic surroundings
Poor senior managemnt 
Low pay
No career progression. There is little room for progression. They have a tendency to squeeze the most possible out of there employees to consistently satisfy the customer, without providing motivation for there employees. They seemed to think that a slap dash motivational award scheme of who could cross sell the most would suffice. Although actually giving employees responsibility, career development and being treated more than just a number was difficult for them.. We only had 2 weeks of training before starting the job. I must say customers were very displeased with our services.. They have had trouble in the last few years and it creates a tough environment to work in when people have uncertainty about their bank. They are also extremely below average payers so in my experience have a high turnover. They are also closing branches so it's uncertain what their future is.. Not much prospect to progress onto higher role. Having to deal with all sorts of customers, as expected in any call centre, some might be angry with you for something out of your control such as banking charges or timescales.. Co-op bank is an ethical bank and is always aware of customer welfare we would always go that extra mile to make sure customers was happy with the services and products we provided.
sometime the work could be boring, but most of the time it was good.. no career progression
99% of managers are awful
nobody knows that they are doing
the new CSM in stockport is terrible! 
favourtism. Impossible to book holidays weeks of "pending status " re holidays so people go off sick and stay off for a week or even 2 when all they needed was 1 days holiday People get very stressed over whether they will be granted holiday status 
No where near enough staff Vastly understaffed . They can not keep good experienced staff and that included managers 
Unrealistic targets told we havent to sell but are targeted on leads. Although it's flexible shifts, it's hard to get time off when you need it. Not enough holiday allowance. Team leaders aren't very approachable. Expensive prices for eating in the companies canteen. Although there are training opportunities, it's hard to get time to actually do this. Under staffed due to how business went last year.. okay, where to start! no benefits, poor pay, poor management of the actual company, constant embarrassing news on the media, constant complaints from customers, poor products, no staff parties.. Poor management with a disjointed approach and a sinking ship feeling. The pay is low the workload is shocking and they expect you to complete the workload and no compassion. They also provide so many targets it's impossible to achieve. Rude customers
Poor senior management skills 
The senior managers are implementing policies that do not work for the bank. If normal advisors can see that then why cant the top level directors? They are meant to be more qualified than normal staff members  too! 
The bank has ridiculous policies and when explaining them to the customer.. you just feel like a right idiot as you know what you are saying sounds stupid but cannot do anything about it because its the bank policies. 
The office is dirty
the chairs are uncomfortable
the computers are slow and dont work half the time. they crash constantly 
new software needs updating.. its so old!! 
there is no work life balance at all. evening and weekend staff cannot ever change shifts and moving to day shifts is nearly impossible
No room for progression 
No career break possible when I was told there would be one allowed
Favoritism 
Time off policies are the worst. Unable to do shift swaps if you are visa trained. An advisor that isnt visa trained finds it easier to swap shifts and change their shifts. 
Personal growth - there is none. I was told there would be... I have asked for voluntary experience in the finance dept and everytime i get told to come back in a few months.. Its like working at a concentration camp, never have i worked for a place that is so petty,upper management treat staff like cattle, and you are treated pretty much like a slave. KPI targets are a joke. in fact i watched the Amazon documentary and thought it looked like a holiday camp compared to Castlewood NDC in alfreton notts, you dont even get the full 30 min break in 8 hours as you have to be back 5 mins before your break end to log back on to the system. in a word shocking.. salary should be raised a bit. they arent that flexible so i had to leave before starting the job once i passed all the stages fr the job.. Low Salaries, poorly managed, very slow integration with Britannia. Most branches short staffed. Staff moral is low.. Does not extend the ethical policy to staff.  Poor payers, poor HR function and poor management, extending right up to the top.. I think the training let me down a bit, supervisors not interested in dishonesty and I was given incorrect and inconsistent advice several times - frustrating!. Sometimes lacks the killer focus of private companies.. Regrettably the culture of the business meant that it was stuck in the 19th century and there was a reluctance to bring it into the 21st.  Change was talked about but seldom reality.. There are No Pension Plan after Retirement for Employees. Poor leadership and management.  Do not get the best out of people and do not provide development opportunities. Limited scope for technical staff to progress their careers
Don't pay as well as other employers. Benefits have been scaled down. little room for growth unless you have a PhD. Hard to switch tracks once you are a Staff Assistant. Education benefit isn't available to those who would need/benefit from it the most.. Not being able to move up without a PhD even though the job doesn’t require one. Can’t move up without a Phd. Limited mobility for pre-PhD employees.. Work-life balance is a myth here...simply elusive!
The institution will benefit from more diversity, especially in managerial roles. Diverse but old working way. Workload is very heavy and forget about work life balance especially during Annual Meetings and Spring Meetings. Don't be surprised to receive calls related to work at 9PM. IMF pays the economists well but not the assistants. Many assistants at the IMF are smart and well educated (I know a few with a masters from Ivy Leagues) but they are sometimes not being treat with respect.. They will leave you once you’re useless to them. Due credit for work hardly given.. No negative comments to enter. no opportunities for career progression. Highly bureaucratic. Beurocracy in decision making that affect delivery. too much hierarchy, Washington DC is not a great place to live.. Long working hours, big bureaucracy. Can be a bit bureaucratic at times. restricted development in career, restricted visa. Too much politics in organization. Simple and straight people cant survive.. Can be demanding, no growth within. career development after 4 years. Possibility of growth is very limited, workload hard to manage. Career depends on cliques and who you are good with.. Contractual. No career growth. You leave after your four year term is done.. Lack of career advancement for specialists. I am not sure, lack of upward mobility- rigid. Little room for career advancement as a contractual. A lot of politics, but not relevant at RA level.. Culture is stultifying; promotions are awarded to yes-man; no management accountability; national mafias. Almost zero promotion prospects for certain demographic profiles.. Low efficiency, hard to climb the corp ladder. This role is not progressive and does not offer any room for growth. You must always have a goal in mind of your next step.. Nothing really right now a. -not much room for growth in the non economist track. Upward mobility impossible without an economics phd. Unclear career path for young professionals.. Limiting track. No space for mobility or growth. 1. Pace is slow sometimes. 2. Salary is relatively low compared to private sector. Career development is difficult especially if you are on assistant role.. Can't advance without a PhD. Can get very hectic at times. Limited career growth and very hierarchal. A somewhat bureaucratic and hierarchical environment.. Culture of perfectionism emphasizes process over outcome--the process is the outcome. Bureaucracy can me intimidating sometimes. Covers the entire world which doesnt allow for specialization.. - sometimes it is hard to push for new things. Managers v mediocre, cautious and unoriginal thinking rewarded, morale is low.. May lose some sleep over work sometimes, but totally worth it. Nothing bad At all as a place of work. Bureaucratic and traditional; pros outweigh cons though!. I have nothing negative to say about the IMF. Too heavy, too much travel. No cons to report. IMF is Hollywood!. Hard to develop a career. Administrative processes, particularly budget and I.T. lifecycles are out-of-cadence with the operational pace of the rest of the organization.

(Nearly) Everything is negotiable.. - Bureaucracy
- Bureaucracy
- Established hierarchy 
- Bureaucracy. none none none none none. Required to work extended long hours. The very hierarchical nature can be stifling. No much of a career growth... Just looking at data all day. Can not think of one. not good for young, very political. Limited career growth and learning opportunities, most promotions are based on kinship or groups (is who you know and what can you do for them) but not necessarily merit-based, you really have to hustle / coffee meeting your way up, there is an active social life there. If you are just interested in just job security, benefits, socializing until you retire, this is the place for you.

US nationals and green card holders, you are better off looking for opportunities somewhere else.. hard to get in, bureaucracy, and can be slow work sometimes. Little to no career development. Executive Board is hostile to staff always trying to cut benefits and compensation.. extremely competitive environment, sometimes careers rely more on networking than on clear path, frequent and long travels, poor work life balance at entry levels. Heavy work load and bureaucratic. I dont see any that I would like to mention. lack of assistance with taxes. If you are an Research Analyst you are seen essentially as a temp employee by the IMF and dont really get any of the perks except for the trainings. No cons are to report. - Bureaucracy 
- Bureaucracy. Organization is hierarchical and militaristic. Good luck if you have a bad division chief.. Very little room for growth if you're not an economist. No career path for RAs. institutionally very strong and many meetings. Weak managers with limited skills in management.. Overall outlook depends on department and job function--specialized career streams are often given more room to grow. Not many cons for younger staff with the exception of having to endure drawn out long term career growth. 

Value on traditional credentials and experience are keeping highly talented individuals away from this type of institution.. promotion is slow , and not that transparent. If you're young and innovative, you'll be bored out of your mind. The culture is very old-school, traditional, and extremely hierarchical with very little room for young ideas and innovation.. a huge organization with bureaucracy.. Hard to promote and takes even more to move up. Poor career opportunity, mid-management not engaged, All changes made together. Little autonomy or ability for career advancement. Career progression is a bit slow. The culture is hierarchical.. Like any bureaucracy, it comes with some rigidities. Promotion can be difficult to come by due to intense competition and relatively flat organizational structural. Depending on the department, work style can also be rather hierarchical.. Hard to get a promotion. Career development, long term opportunities. Few opportunities for growth at all staff levels, but particularly at the analyst level. Extremely difficult to climb the corporate ladder, let alone matriculate from the Analyst/Assistant stream to Officer/Professional stream.. It is very challenging to get promotion. -hierarchical, contractual positions, not much room for advancement if you enter at entry level. Too Bureaucratic. Slow growth beyond senior economist. PhD degree is necessary for career development. Be self motivated to learn or works will take up all your time. visible ceiling for promoting. Hard to promote. surrounded by so many smart people, it can be a little intimidating. little chance of career advance for this position. A bit bureaucratic but this is the public sector. Limited growth opportunities for assistants. Very bureaucratic organization. You might end up feeling that your work doesnt matter. Stressful work environment
Slow career path. Serious review needed of compensation levels (below market) and tax treatment for contractual employees. Tax treatment is discriminatory for US nationals, resulting in lower net compensation than other contractual employees. hard to move up. Quite hierarchical. retirement plan favors those who stay long.. Very structured. Career growth opportunities limited.. Less outside options as you stay longer. Challenging working environment sometimes
Need to carefully manage risks and sensitive policy issues. Some internal projects are nonsense.. Work is oppressively repetitive and mindless. Slow career progression, difficult without a phd, rigid. No room for growth when starting at the bottom. Career mobility issues are a serious issue.. Few opportunities to progress.  Challenges for women.. Difficult to progress without Phd in Economics. At times there is a ceiling for non-Phd Workers. Slow career progression, heavy workload. Bureaucratic environment, full of nonsense and rigid procedural tasks, bad bosses.. Lots of bureaucracy and lack of growth for non-economists.. Lot of  work pressure at times but this is negligible when you compare with the salary, leave and other perks. Career advancement is limited, people don't care about your career growth and outlet. If you're not self motivated, you can definitely spend the time sitting on your rear and just pulling data via excel.. Too frequent staff turnovers in most departments. Very bureaucratic environment
I don't recomend this place for very ambitious people. Low possibility of being retained. Short contract periods. Can only work upto 4 years as a Research Assistant. Encouraged to pursue further graduate study. less possibility for internal promotion. Most staff stay for much or most of their careers and so there is little room for advancement. Training and technology are insufficient to keep long-term staff’s skills and work practices current.. High turn over of Project Managers. Horrible training.. the waiting period is too long. Too comfortable, easy to burn passion.. Advancing your career will take many years and much creativity in touring through a vast range of positions within the HR job family. Especially if you start under a contractual position which means you have 4 years to apply to a staff position if you want to stay longer than that as 4 year is the limit for contractual employees in a life time.. Limited space to get promoted. Very limited career opportunities for contractual employees.. Peak busy periods, lots of office politics, occasionally challenging travel. Low efficient, hard to promote.. Various type of employment status. 
Competitive.. Some senior staff admins get territorial and controlling. They won't let you work from home when economists are allowed to for metro repair. They go behind your back to talk to your division chief to schedule your vacation and your work from home without telling you. They act like parents instead of coworkers, and become someone you have to work around instead of work with.

Work from home options depends on the division chief and  senior admin and how old they are with being comfortable with you being gone. Someone has to be there to help fix the printer!

Bureaucracy is very slow here too.. Strict project completion timelines that are dependent on performance of offshore managers. It is a stressful place, and this creeps up on you over time.. Bureaucratic, thus not very efficient. Everyday it's the same. I wished they looked into financial grants in a broader manner.
Should not let the government take control to cover up financial fraud.
The staff and the whole IMF should take a stand against the misuse of grants.. Highly political
Mediocre management
Low morale
No association between hard work and reward. promotion is very slow, especially for non-economists
lots of office politics. Not a lot of opportunity to move up the career ladder as a RA. Slow career development; slow career development; slow career development. Can't stress enough. bad management, too many big wigs. Low work flexibility, strictly rule based, poor work -life balance. Everything else, it is a culture of complacency and mediocrity, at best. If you're hired as an economist it's easier to get promoted.. No thing to complain at this time.. Contractual RAs can only work for the Fund for 4 years at most and the transition from RA to economist is quite tough.. High pressure workload environment
Improving diversity still a challenge. A lot of overtime and not flexible with telework. Very hierarchical; rigid when it comes to promotions. Glass ceilings: : graduate education, education pedigree, nationality, gender, and especially age - if you're young and haven't done graduate studies yet, don't stick around.

Sink or swim culture - and proud of it.

Very traditional/regressive culture: women need to talk passively and persuasively to be heard, young people (anyone under 40 is called young - under 30 you are treated as a child) are expected and are sometimes told to just sit and listen, a substantive amount are homophobic, and how well you speak and persuade often times matters more than your actual ideas - and this hurts you if you are not a native/fluent English speaker and/or do not speak up for yourself confidently.

Worst of all - it is the most hierarchical place I've ever seen.. Although it is changing, the institution is still highly hierarchical. There are few career tracks, namely, economists, admin and research staff, and a few specialized career streams.. Highly seasonal workload that may have you work 60 or 70 hours in a peak week. However, that happens everywhere and it is averaged with lower intensity weeks over the long run.

This is not the position (RAP) if you want a long term career off the bat. This program is great for those who want to garner experience and a reputation in macroeconomics for 2 years before moving on to graduate school or another job.

No tuition reimbursement or scholarship programs for outstanding performers.. Term appointment before you become a permanent staff.. Slow career advancement and hard to get permanent position.. Close to impossible to switch career streams. Hard to obtain staff position. Unsatisfactory benefits for U.S. native contractuals. Resistance to change
Slow career advancement. Ridiculously bureaucratic with consensus driven decision making. Significant number of areas lack good leadership. No accountability, which sets the culture for politics and enables egos and individual agendas. Length of service generally 15 years plus and open-ended staff waiting on generous retirement benefits. Other employment types basically waiting in line to become open-ended staff so that they can also enjoy benefits. If you're a non-economist, your career's over. Don't bother. Staff turnover is low. With everyone hanging around waiting for retirement, there are no opportunities for career growth or promotion. If you're contemplating giving up a career and home in another country, know why you're coming to the US (a temporary stay to travel and explore, experience the American culture, etc.) It should not be to develop your career. You better negotiate a hefty salary increase to make it worth your while. You won't be promoted and your salary won't grow (except for 1% annual inflationary increase).. The institution is too bureaucratic.. - Not everyone can work on research. low efficiency, poor management and no flexibility for certain department. Some mid-level manager has been in the organization for over 20 years. The system is very out of date.. Hard to get permanent position. Horrible management
Very insular
"You're here to do what I say, not to think". Static careers for most. Only the dark side connected people make some advancements.. Challenging environment to work in, very closed. No salary increases based on performance, no long-term prospects for RAs. Boring and hard to advance if you do not have a PHD or JD...To be honest, you are not part of the mainstream if you are not a economist, there are few positions for the supporting staff, I felt like I can see the rest of my life there if I do not make a change myself.. your education and skills not valued. Zero growth opportunity. Not really, except I did not get the job, but that was due to my problem. Contractual framework does not allow for job stability or career growth. Also has a significantly negative impact on institutional knowledge.

Systems are over-customized and constantly interrupt workflow.. bureaucratic, inefficient, slow, very few opportunities for advancement, staff unmotivated. A little too much of bureaucracy. Too much space to move around the fund.. Dominated by Europeans, a lot of discrimination, you have to be part of networks to have career advancement. Change management can be handled better; There is a clear divide between support and professional staff in the organization.. The institutional culture is management-by-consensus, which takes a very long time and much work to achieve. If you like to act quickly, this is not the place to work. 

Money is always an issue. We are well-funded for our key role of surveillance, but funding is tough to come by for new or untested ideas.. Extremely Bureaucratic and demanding organization which can lead to contentious work environments. I can't think of anything.. Work/ life balance not so good. Lots of work pressure.. -Low morale
-Low pay (gross pay for Americans)
-Quarterly estimated tax payments (no help with this)
-Virtually no upward mobility from the Staff Assistant track (You can become Senior Admin. Assistant. Yay!). Spouse (unless US citizen or green card) is taxed quite highly and cannot deduct anything, e.g. interest payments, real estate taxes (quite high), etc.. There are not many opportunities for advancement at the IMF if you are an RA. You can become an economist if you have a lot of experience, preferably also outside the Fund at a Central Bank or Treasury Department, but it is difficult to get this promotion unless you are seasoned and/or very very good at economics. RA jobs get a little repetitive after a while, since most of what you do is make charts and graphs, and download data, all day. If you are there long enough, you can start to get involved with research or things that economists do, but that didn't appeal too much to me. If you want to make more money, go to a bank but pay the price in hours, stress, and poor management.. Bureaucracy, slow career  advancement, conservative atmosphere. Depending on how you feel about the neo-liberal economic agenda, you may have some mixed feelings. Not stable, plenty of politics. Too much politics, can be quite demanding during work peak times.. Ultra-hierarchical, top-down to a fault, rigid. -No room for growth
-Assistants are basically treated like they have no rights. The work environment can sometimes be dry. Not many opportunities beyond your contract. A lot of internal politics.. So far so good s. No career prospects or opportunities for advancement as a staff assistant.  You get experience here and leave after a year or two.. Insufficient rigor in much of the day to day economics work
Office politics can be an issue 
Silo working a problem
Some morale problems and time serving employees
Insufficient respect given to expertise and experience. It was a lot of work and working over the weekend. no growth potential, workplace bullying/harassment rampant. Low career ceiling for junior staff;
Overly bureaucratic internal procedures.. Some times work will be very hectic. hierarchical, no mobility, few career prospects, politics. The bureaucracy can be large and intimidating. Writing about work is very important, making it sometimes hard to focus on the core issues.. It could be boring after doing the same work for a while. Doing the same kind of macroanalysis will take out the creativity in you.. No opportunity for advancement. Can't renegotiate contracts, even if they are multi-year contracts.. sometimes workload is too high and many others. Very structured environment, hard to implement changes. I only had a limited chance to work in a team as my team mates were too busy working on other assignements. Still quite hierarchical institution with slow upward mobility. Hard to advance if does not have PhD in economics or in wrong career stream.. Promotion path can be slow and salary advance prospect dim. There are also often bureaucratic work you need to deal with.. Very bureaucratic organization. Most people on conratcts rather than full time. Takes a long time to get contracts approved.. Few instruction. Do not care about interns (not even be able to remember names). Unpaid.. Nothing can think about now. long work hours and pay not competitive. no compensation for this intern job. no room for development; some middle level manager have been there for over 20 years with out-of-date technology; different treatment for contractors; very strong political environment. small team, not many instructions were given. Not a lot of career movement/promotion potential, especially if you come in as a staff assistant. You have to really want to be an RA if you desire to move that way.. Not that i am aware of, might be little formal for some. Best career opportunities are for economists while other professionals will encounter fewer opportunities for mobility, growth and promotion. HR rules are very rigid and even stellar performers will hit roadblocks and glass ceilings before getting rewarded (i.e., promotion) for their hard work. Newly hired staff is  3 to 6 years of probation and, at the end, few will be converted to open ended positions. The job security that comes with an open ended position affects people in different ways: some will become too comfortable with the security and lose interest in self development.. The trade for all of the pros is the difficulty in moving up in the organization once you're in.  With such significant benefits, turnover tends to be rather low and especially in a finance role, there aren't too many positions to move to if you'd like to expand your horizons. Additionally, because of the low turnover, promotions and opportunities for supervisory experience don't come around frequently.  If you're a person looking to move up in your career, this may not be the right role.. Giant bureaucracy and the associated internal politics can be tiring. Slow career growth, conservative and slow decision making processes. very stressful, competitive, little room for growth. Salaries low relative to experience and skill; no opportunity for performance-based comp.. Learning curve looks like a staircase rather than a steady slope.  It can be steep in part because it's necessary to spend a lot of time learning tools and programs on the job that are developed specifically for the organization (don't necessarily translate).  At the same time, once these tools become familiar, the RA tasks can be repetitive.
Work can often swing from very quiet to very busy depending on the cycles of individual teams.
The institution is extremely hierarchical, and research analysts fall into a gray area because we're not "economists" nor "support staff" (although we take on some of the responsibilities of both).  Without a Ph.D., it's very difficult to rise in the institution.  In this system, it's crucial to take advantage of as many training opportunities as possible, but these can be difficult to balance with urgent requests to compile data and create charts that may come in at any time.. You hit the glass ceiling almost immediately after starting in this kind of role. Hours could be unpredictable. Economists rarely allow Information Management Analysts or Research Analysts to contribute more than charts and tables to working papers and publications, despite many of them having advanced degrees from top universities and more technical skills than senior economists.. hierarchical promotional model that slows down the career progress.. As a research analyst, you shouldn't expect much growth. Those that are unhappy here are the ones who expect to make it to Economist. It's just a job that's a stop on your way to something bigger, don't overstay.. Beauracracy is very frustrating to deal with. There is a still large part of the old guard that is stuck in its old ways and a Board that doesn't fully reflect its membership.. Contracts for lower end non-Economist jobs are now being restructured--removing tenure and security.. general work everyday and good colleagues. Non-economists are pidgeon-holed from the outset.  Economists are not well-versed with basic technology such as Excel.  Senior management is clueless.. Little growth, beaurocratic,  "mans world".. Competition is fierce, and you will have to put many hours daily. If you work in a crisis country, you will know what is to work around the clock under extreme pressure. That said, if things go well, the satisfaction may be immense.. Career advancement is very slow. While the benefits are very good, pay increases are low and promotions are quite rare.. Very little room for advancement for research assistants.
Tax allowances are not provided for contractual hire US citizens.
Not all staff economists are as competent as one may hope.. Work/Life balance was a challenge during busy periods.. little bit disorganized and sometime low efficiency. Quotas, Hard to Advance, Sometimes bureaucratic,. Poor promotion, too much travel. contractual appointments are easy but moving to staff position is hard.. limited feedback to get regarding the your work. You grow old very fast--and very frustrated too.. Heavily bureaucratic, not an organization where one comes in at entry level and moves anywhere other than entry level, contractual/American staff must file quarterly taxes and also are responsible in covering the Self Employment tax (about 5%).. Advancement in the organization has little to do with how well you perform your job functions. You either have to be in with the right people to move up, or wait your turn as departments are very constricted by HR rules when it comes to promotions and filling positions.. -No room for advancement when coming in at assistant level
-Job responsibilities always changing so you may end up doing the work of senior officers, but remain compensated at your regular rate and when positions open for the job at which you have been taking responsibility for bureaucracy steps in and tells you you aren't qualified.
-Ageism is a daily issue, not a very accommodating place of work for anyone outside of the Baby Boomers group (e.g. Gen X and Millennials). Contractual based, staff positions are limited. No much vertical movement.. Loss probability of moving around across RTCs or even to HQ in WDC.. I dont see any cons, it was a good experience. Little mobility within the company, Contractors are not treated as well as staff. Too bureaucratic. Organization can be made much more streamlined and efficient.. Fake deadlines and too much redoing of otehr people's work for those not dealing with economic crises in member countries, and often even in those circumstances there is a great deal of unnecessary flurrying around. No long term career path, but hey I don't want to stay in DC anyway so not really complaining. Plus you should probably have a PhD or lots of work experience before you get hired as an economist. So don't expect this to happen after being a research analyst for 2-4 years although it is possible (and some people make the jump but they're very good).. Differential employment contracts create resentment among staff who do not have tenure.. i cant think of anything at the moment. Not enough opportunities for younger staff to advance and gain meaningful experience. Can take years to earn a permanent position. The slim chance of becoming staff from a contractor position.. Under staffed.  Work load is extremely high. Salaries could be more competitive.  Relationship with vendors could improve.  Appearance of a cast system could be eliminated.  Reward high performing people.. Embarrassingly outdated work practices. Organisation is unable to identify, foster and encourage talent. Endemic passive-aggressive bullying and intimidation. Predominantly frustrated workforce.. Your experiences is largely depend on which department/division you're in. If you are lucky to be in the important division (I mean many important projects in the division), you will have a lot to learn but it will significantly increase your OT as well... At times, it can seem that one's internal network is more important that his/her resume.. no career growth, poor management. Staff are overqualified for what they do and very low turnover, so opportunities for career development and advancement are very limited. Highly bureaucratic, excessively hierarchical and slow moving.. No career mobility, terrible work life balance and the starting compensation is paltry.. limited career opportunities, great mass of of older staff, work day and night, incl weekends.. Despite ongoing efforts, still bureaucratic, lack of prospects, and not the place to go for work-life balance.. limited upper mobility. the culture is poor.. Less exciting as investment banks. Mobility is a big issue. - Rigid promotion systems
- Not very transparent promotion processes
- Very bureaucratic, slow and rigid organization...
- No room for creativity, at all. There were no downsides working at the IMF.. No opportunities for advancement especially if you start out as a staff assistant. Poor system of performance management and recognition. Thankless job at its worst.. The bureaucracy is stifling, with far too much paper work and too many internal procedures. Given the large amount of talent in the building, you would not know it, as you are not encouraged and compensated to have a public role.. bureaucratic
lots of formalities
not fast-paced or interesting if you aren't an economist. Promotion is non-existent.
Without a vigilant and active staff member assisting the staff member  with a career opportunity, there is no opportunity at all.  Most of the staff are pigeoned holed.  For US nationals, particularly people of color the work experience will be difficult.. overwork too much dependance on one person. Maybe sometimes too research oriented. It would have been great to be able to participate directly to a country mission. Salary structure somewhat unflexible. It is very difficult to move from a support staff role to a managerial one even though the person has the education to get the management job. Some divisions within a department are run according to the Division Chief management style and 99% of the departments are run by economists that most of the time know economics but have little HR knowledge. Mission work is grueling and intense, almost no free time to oneself and work goes on day, night and weekends. Even though vacation is great, it is difficult to take time off due to work commitment. It appeared to me that foreign staff had less problems getting a month off than US citizens working at the Fund.. The social atmosphere can take some getting used to. Parts of it are very much dominated by older, white American and European men, which can make the work setting feel very stiff and competitive.. A good job for someone new to the job market, but with no promotion opportunities, it is intentionally short term. It can be difficult to access interesting projects, due to the promotion policies for economists and competition for research opportunities and credit. Research assistants are hired on contract, so management does little to keep the assistants stimulated and productive.. Advancement is tough especially when one starts out as an assistant. bureaucracy, HR department appears to act as a hindrance and not a help. Very difficult to get higher positions, the salary will grow at extremely low pace and the politics in this institution is a bit too much. I can not find any.. Hard to become permanent. It can take a awhile, maybe even years, depending on your division.. Workload, bureaucratic, difficult to advance.. the institution is a bit too burocratic. Big place! Huge bureacracy, low mobility of Staff in an out of the Fund.. The competition for promotion is tought, especially at the administrative assistant level, with so many capable people that should be doing jobs at the professional level, rather than the assistant level.. arrogance of staff and management.. limited growth potential for the research assistant career track. Government-like bureaucracy, too many lifers just promoted for having a pulse.. You need to get into the right "group" or network to have a satisfying working experience and career perspectives at the IMF. It is not hard if you work hard and you are young. If you get to the IMF as an EP (entry program) your position is relatively better than if you get in as an experienced economist.. - Some senior staff have missed the technology train and often require rather silly assistance with very basic tasks (you can only be patient!...)
- Work environment can become quite dry and boring 
- If you realize economics is not for you, it becomes difficult to keep up the motivation although the Research Assistant Program's beauty is that you are hired for 2 years and are actually expected to leave the organization at the end of your contract in order to pursue graduate studies or further professional experience elsewhere if judged necessary. Hierarchical, not much room for growth if you start as a staff assistant, bureaucratic, slow to change, spreading capitalism and the ethical dilemmas that come with that.. Get ready to suck up to your boss--and all potential future bosses. Forget about family life if you are in one of the high-travel jobs.. career development limitations are key problem  for staff. Diversity is poor at the senior level. bureaucracy, can be a little boring,. Work/life balance is a big issue. Work demands have risen over the last few years and show no signs of abating.. Limited career advancement without a Ph.D. Definitely not a private sector work environment. Junior staff see the impact of their work but don't necessarly present it to mgmt.. An approach that is at times bureaucratic as different departments coordiante their goals and applications.  This can lead to longer development times.. Very slow upward mobility, internal politics, non-transparent promotion policies, favoritism, lack of impartial administrative channels to redress of employment related complaints. Management must find ways to promote career development (which does not necessarily mean granting more promotions).. Except for economists (PhDs in Macroeconomy), there are almost zero opportunities for professional growth. The technology department is mostly staffed with vendors and contractors. In other departments non-economists are only promoted based on seniority and not merit. Non-economists are usually treated as second-class citizens. Management can be arrogant and rarely listen to their subordinates.. you belong to the company - as someone at the World Bank said, 'the IMF is a meat-grinder'.  Prepare for stress, long hours, many weekends of work, and missions in exciting places where you never get to see the places because you're working, working, working.... Quotas on nationalities.  PhD economist credential required for plum positions.. Association with the US political-industrial complex. The stigma of working for the IMF will put off some employers after you finish working there. The stultifying, passive-aggressive, risk-averse corporate culture. There are promotion bottlenecks at every grade, and you'd better be prepared to conform with how people do things.. Limited opportunities for career development.. The max time is 4 years for the contract. Burocracy and slow pace innovation. Some departments are tough in terms of balancing workload. Other departments are leaving the office at 17:00.. long working time usually until late in evening. Difficult to progress in the career internally. it is very very bureaucratic; hard to find a place for longer; close to impossible to get a permanent position, once you get it they almost cant fire you. Poor chances to get permanent positions.. Considerable heavy working system but good opportunities to take leave.. the options for career advancement are limited. bureaucratic procedure and processes, aging workforce, work can become repetitive over time.. No further career perspectives after the traineeship. Limited career progression and eventually becomes repetitive. due to Covid only home-office. Unclear selection processes for stable positions, little room for career progression. Careers chances are limited regrettably.. Short term contracts. High uncertainty about the future.. Difficult to stay permanently
Short contracts. Hard to get fixed term positions.. Sometimes fewer feedbacks and communication. Still a lot of elderly people, complicated business processes. Little opportunity to stay beyond traineeship. High expectations on staff and hard to maintain work/life balancec. limited opportunities for career progress, bureocracy. Slow progression, few opportunities for promotion.. no clear or transparent promotion path. Very difficult to stay on the long run (short term contracts). senior management t t t. - more transparency, promote more young talents. Short term contracts almost impossible now to get a permanent. Tech and data culture is not very advanced. Conservative and hierarchical culture, inflexible legal framework. few opportunities for career advance. - depending on a directorate, work can be tedious and boring at times. After the traineeship, you are lucky if you get a few months of short-term analyst which is highly paid (you receive the social security deductions added to the salary), but after that the chances you get a fixed-term contract are close to null. It happens very often that people don't get their short-term contract extended due to lack of budget in the divisions. Plus, in order to advance to a fixed-term contract (next level up) you have to apply to a campaign against several hundreds of external applicants as if you never worked at the ECB in the first place i.e. there is no internal application process for that matter.
In parallel you have loads of unproductive permanent staff just being there for the paycheck - there are whole sections made up of such people, since firing them is too hard.
Very little incentive to build a career there, as short-term analyst and trainees regularly come and go with very few staying longer.. -Sometimes long working hours
-A lot of pressure
-Non-existent career opportunities
-Boring tasks. - Opaque HR policies & employment conditions. there are no cons in ECB. Bureaucratic processes might be a bit annoying. Hard to learn
Opaque management decisions. Very vertical governance can be demotivating. Not a lot of advancement opportunities without a PhD but good to have a foot in the door for later career. One can feel that it's a public institution. You can meet very bright and proactive talents, but the very next minute crash against old-style lazy civil servants.. Operational work
Working remotely and size of the bank makes it feel less connected to the organisation. big institution, sometimes slow and inert. Nothing bad to be reported. Poor leadership from many managers. Great leadership from the president.. Temporary nature of most of the contracts. Lack of talent management within the Bank. Hard to get a full time position after a traineeship.. High workload and low work life balance.. Having to deal with Bureaucracy.. I cannot really find some cons. The learning curve may soon flatten.. Dificult to get a permanent contrqct. Too big, no oportunities to develop. Can be bureaucratic depending on the team and the manager
Not much room for promotion, however internal mobility to different depts possible and even appreciated. very Bureaucratic and very hierarchical. Sometimes the security restrictions make hard to try new things in machine learning. Hierarchical structure, slow procedures, old tech in some business areas.. Too few assignments. Difficult to get fixed contract.. Only limited contracts were available. Little career progression, golden cage risk if you do not choose the right roles. Occasional "us and them" situation with various types of contract (permanent vs short term); very long hours. Some repetitive production tasks in some divisions. Sometimes too competitive, people come and go so could be hard to build friendships long term. Nothing worth mentioning to be honest.. No long-term orientation, difficult to advance. Contract Situation not ideal, difficult to advance career. We specialize into very specific topics. Quite bureaucratic. Some more tedious tasks to perform.. None whatsoever in no world. Difficult to get a long term contract.. Unclear career prospects after traineeship end. Poor growth opportunities because of contract type. Too bureaucratic but could be worst. Budget restrictions; Limited opportunities for getting a contract. Slow decision making, bureaucratic, non transparent. HR starting salary calculations very dodgy. Very limited career opportunities. Currently hiring mostly women and creating lots of question marks in terms of objectivity of hiring decisions.. Bureaucracy does slow things down. It's difficult to get a stable contract.. It can be a stressful environment for someone. I have nothing to add here.. Future career prospects are uncertain. Hard to enter, Limited promotion opportunities, offers temporary jobs at entry level. flat learning curve, no career progression. Career progression could be faster. A lot of Bureaucracy. The growth is usually slow. - Low/Absent possibilities for stepping up in terms of career unless you hod a PhD;
- As it is a large institution, it is more difficult to perceive that your work is appreciated;
- In general, very poor management skills in line managers who are however excellent economists.. Not a very productive environment, competitive. Difficult to get a permanent contract and have stability. - no strategic vision
- no proritisation
- no added value. It is not possible to build a career without previous experience. Limitated training opportunities for trainees. no way to progress if you don't go via a campaign. Dysfunctional HR 
No scope for career growth
Overcrowded in any dimension. lots of work and sometimes long hours. Suboptimal Management; bad information flow; duplication of work; lack of coordination among directorates. -hard to get a contract (other than a very low paid traineeship)
-hard to advance internally
-depending on the due dates, one may have nothing to do or have to work 11-12hrs/day. -not a lot of opportunities for a career. heavy bureaucracy - difficult to switch jobs internally. Extremely hierarchical and non-transparent. All about office politics and visibility with senior staff.  Your talent and dedication is certainly not the main driver for your career. It’s extremely hard to get promoted anyway.
Everything is decided by your superior, you have no control whatsoever on your work.
Frankfurt is as boring as it gets.. Unpleasant environment, incompetent collegues, very hierarchical.. Bureaucracy, greedy people Who cannot be fired and just do nothing. Hard to get permanent contract without network. Hard to get promoted, Sometimes things move too slowly. Difficult to climb the ladder. Career path is not always clear and overall difficult to progress.. the different contract types create a lot of imbalance. Slow Work Environment ; No Well organized.. No negative comments for this position. Limited opportunities for a promotion. No guidance & mentoring framework
You are told to not expect to do much work
No real chances to get a long term contract. usual cons of large public institutions. At times long working days. Staying after the trainee depends more on the budget of the division you are in rather than individual performance..... Difficult change management due to complex stakeholder relationships. Difficult to obtain a  fixed term/permanent position.. Bonuses are symbolic and do not make a difference in motivating staff. It's a public sector job, i.e. accountability and tracability are of utmost importance which slows down the decision process.. tough to rise up the corporate ladder. bureaucracy, lot of unnecessary stuff. Minimum career  development and promotion. Sometimes unmotivated people, frustrating bureaucracy. The tasks risk to be repetitive. Not much research work in certain areas. quality of management, work-life balance, promotion prospects. incapable, biased & unfair management. Hiring and renewal of contract policies completely independent of merits or performance, only based on budget, gender and nationality.. Uncertenty, Difficult to get promoted, long working hours. low possibility to learn and to get permanent position. Career progression/diversification can be difficult because of slow moving and administrative institution. Project management can be pretty poor.. Difficult to stay after the internship contract. No stability. Difficult to obtain a permanent contract.. A lot of red tape and not a lot of growth opportunities. difficult to get a permanent position, HR inexistent, poor formation. Not many career opportunities, difficult vertical mobility, young people cannot use their full potential. Limited opportunities for career progression. Meritocracy is a con for sure. Easy to get stuck, low opportunities when traineeship is over. A bit more bureaucratic than my liking and highly political.... - Difficult career prospects
- Minor salary raises. Here and there you find colleagues that can not be fired and that simply come and go everyday without doing much while enjoying a great salary and benefits
High hierarchy burden. The organization is complex, it's difficult to advance, and one tends to get stuck in one position. Also, headcount limitations make it difficult to know whether any fixed-term contract will be extended.. Senior managment will not be able to survive in the real world. No one helps out everybody is only looking  for their own benefit. The Board is highly political, sometimes one wonders if they are looking for the interest of the European people of just their own political careers.. Hard to get promoted and to get raise. Many people are just former state employees that are not smart.
The job is extremely boring but people are fine with it. The more bureaucracy gets created, the more processes you are managing. Most people claim they are extremely busy but they are mostly creating their own work. 
They mostly hire smart people but some principal and advisors are just useless people who do not want to work and complain if they work 45h ( whole anywhere else they won't be able to be associate at a bank). And this is really representative of the ECB. 
Also no clue how they hire ... Once they will compete with top banks and get top people and the next campaign it is a completely useless dude that they will never manage to get rid of.
You will have to deal with national supervisors whose quality is very variable and they mostly defend their own interests, so they work against you in any case and if you rise the voice they will go cry like baby to their board member.
In supervision .... If you draft decisions you will draft it in sometime ... Then 10 ppl will give comments on it and the process will take 2 months of comments from various people which is frustrating. 
Do not deal with compliance .... They are also useless and have no clue what a compliance shall do. If you find such compliance at a commercial bank ... You will probably shut down the bank. 
The organisation is very risk-averse.. slow institution. sort of boring job.. - For trainees things move a bit slower, takes a bit of time to get on the same page with the rest of the team
- The city is a bit expensive considering trainee salary but the covered accommodation balances that out. Painful corporate processes lead to lack of progress and stifling of innovative business practices. Additionally, short term contracts are handed out and the future is never quite clear.. - Generally speaking, it is extremely difficult to find a job in the ECB after your traineeship. Low career opportunities, slow learning path. career, stability for non permanent staff, merit based career progression. Low visibility of career opportunities for trainees. The growth opportunities and the daily routine. The tasks are usually very specific  and  the job can become really boring.. Limited chances of being promoted. Higher than average work pressure due to short staffing and many self imposed deadlines. The organisation struggles with a higher burn out risk and is taking first steps in tackling these.. Quite hard to remain as a short-term contract after the traineeship. Even in case that was possible, after 12 months one is forced to leave for what is called a cooling off period. Regarding the nature of trainee tasks and the environment, much depends on the specific division and section, a matter of luck.. Difficult to climb up the ranks vertically
Job can become repetitive. Getting a permanent contract at the ECB is quite cumbersome.. career stagnation, old technologies, incompetent IT managers, cronyism, corruption. no growth opportunities  and not based on your performance. Pockets of 'public sector' areas. Often long hours. Collaboration with different teams can be limited.. Bureaucratic environment, low flexibility. work&projecct depend on the division, risk of stop learning after few months. -A quota for women to be invited to interviews to fulfill a DIVERSITY criteria
-Incredibly shady hiring process: perfect candidates for the position are not invited while others with less experience and skills not entirely fulfilling the criteria are. I know you from before, I take you
-Career advancement is stalled. You may end up an analyst for life if you do not get close to your superiors early on (or you are not a woman, although plenty of women are still analysts). Very difficult(close to impossible to fire underperformers, hence hard to hire.. tight deadlines and a lot of pressure. difficult to achieve and grow to higher positions without a phd. A threat exists to end up in a golden cage, happy with your salary and unhappy with career development.. Few possibilities for a permanent contract. Cyclical work load and middle management sometimes not well involved. Also sometime too bureaucratic. Can be hard to convert to other companies are, depending on the position, you do not really get technical. Very hard to stay as a permanent staff. -Training not open to everyone. depends on your advisor, many are very busy and do not have time to guide you. -Mentor-ship is not that common at the beginning and  you could feel lost but it is a good thing in the long term, it makes you independent;
-In some cases, contracts have a very limited duration.. Highly political enviroment, not clear career path, limited growing opportunities. Anonymity of large organisation, limited long-run earnings prospects.. Very hard to stay as a permanent staff. Difficult to become an analyst. Very difficult to be hired in a permanent job
Confusing. It is extremely difficult to get an Analyst position after the traineeship. However,  if you get one, they will really help you to grow. No vertical or horizontal mobility, no job creativity, poor involvement in decision, big salary gaps and monotonous tasks. Frankfurt is very expensive and not too young friendly.. High pressured environment and very demanding tasks. Can get stressful sometimes, the workload can be big.
Few positions avaible at the end of your traineeship and many people figthing for them.. The pay is "ok" but had a good experience.. Hierarchal. Experiences massively vary between divisions. 'Luck of the draw' for project supervision, engagement and mentorship.. Very specific tasks, no broad knowledge
Interaction between colleagues is poor
Trainees are not given many responsibilities and the chance to really contribute in projects. bureaucracy sometimes heavy
difficult to extend the contract and you have to apply as an external for positions
depending on the Division there might be a lot of work and late hours. Extremely hard to get a permanent/semi-permanent contract
A lot of bureaucracy. Mostly independent work, substitute for full-time employees, limited ability to extent towards a full-time job, low intern allowance.. It is hard sometimes as you have to push and ask for more tasks, and of course to learn on your own a lot. But good preparation for the future career nethertheless. No time for yourselft, really just working. Management styles range from autocratic to relaxed challenging. Improving. 
Deep internal division of privileges and expectations between staff on time limited contracts and permanent (all New staff is now initially limited). No real incentive structure.  High numbers of burnout.. Scope of an internship is broadly defined and confusing at first. Managers time is scarce.
Length of internship subject to budgetary approval. Compensation is low. Shared office space.. Can be impersonal,, like Europe it can be bureaucratic and fragmented, to the extent that you cannot do your job properly. Draconian staff rules. While the responsibility and work is great, the pressure can be very large (especially in SSM) while work load is not fairly distributed to people who are paid the same or more. Large size of institution makes things sluggish. High stress environment in SSM.. limited career development opportunities, low level of cross organisation interaction.. hierarchical structures, limited possibilities to enter into management positions, many routine tasks. Sometimes to flexible. There is not direct management involvement nor supervisions. They leave everything to you.. Too laid back, no steep learning curve. Almost impossible to fire people with long tenure. People are not motivated enough as they get no performance incentives.. difficult to climb up the ladder, depending on the business area exposure it can be hierarchical; Frankfurt may not be the most exciting city in the world. Increased workload since the start of the financial crisis means that most jobs involve intense working days.. The work comes in waves - sometimes it seems there's only bits and bobs left to do and then a few days later you will have a hard time finding time for lunch
Difficult to get a long-term contract. Extremely poor and deficient HR management 
Lack of career prospects
PhDs hired to do "copy & paste" briefing jobs
Special legal status: contracts can be unilaterally changed to the worse by employer without your consent!. Minimalist HR management (commodity management), lack of modern HRM tools and of imagination, no symbiosis with other EU instutitions HR management, no mobility or career path; immobilism and of middle-management somewhat allergic to change.... The workload is relatively high and the pressure is constant.Although it is fairly easy to get in as an intern, it is much tougher to be hired as an economist. For the latter, a Phd is typically required.. i think that ecb needs a better new buidling.. Admistrative hussle, no bonus, limited upwards mobility. A bit slow going, to some that may be an advantage.

Difficult to get hired full time after a contract, you have to re-apply completely, even if they want to keep you.

Salary for contractors.. Large organisation but teams can often work in silos. Its all independent work which can be quite lonely and the walking with the heavy back is very physically draining.. Could be less impersonal at higher levels. Long application process without any proper communication throughout
Far too much walking and not the most logical of applications. Newport and Titchfield offices are located in remote spots that you need a car to get to
London office is very small with few onsite facilities. working from home - like to interact with team members. Communication issues from the top. No real cons so far. You might deal with challenging situations. Offices in Newport was bad. Pay, red tape and work to improve technologies. Long distance to travel during work day. Can’t really think of anything. Poor pay, shift splits are abit annoying. Early starts and late finishes. Poor salary can be isolating. Progression not so good for lower grades. Lot of work for a successful interview. Lots of layers of operations, can be convoluted. - the pace of projects can be slow
- the division I was in didn't clearly know what it's purpose was.
- senior management can make decisions that are not entirely informed about the working level.
- programming standards can be quite low in some teams.
- can be quite inward looking for solutions (e.g. rather than using the open source community)
- struggled to deal with poor performance and disputes between employees. I have not encountered any yet. No growth, it is a temporary role. Slow progression 
Lower pay compared to private sector. Third party associates can delay processes. There are not many really. - sometimes can be hierarchy focused. Low pay grade, needs to do more on equality and diversity. Pay not brilliant but good work life balance. Clunky IT, slow paced to get anything done. Having an office in Newport is a pain.. Senior leadership can be lacking, media and publishing team has too much power over analysis, can expect analysis to be dumped down by non analysts. As a placement student, work that was more than just basic quality assurance and real analysis was limited, some office politics. Level of management is a bit excessive. The work can be repetitive at times. Slow in developing processes such as work from home contracts. there are a few toxic people working there which ruins it for everyone else. Constant changes in areas and workload so a lot of training required.. Slow to no career progression.. None so far. Enjoy the job. Sometimes slow to progress at pace. This is one team and not the organisation as a whole.. Hierarchy, decision making process is lengthy. only 25 days annual leave, can't carry over more than 2 days flexi a month. Public sector pay is poor relative to the market.. Can be repetitive, work until evenings. Depending on the role, you can be quite limited in suppport, especially as a new starter.. no confirmed graduate job upon finish. Pay was low and no benefits. no cons that I can think of. Getting into the office can be an issue. Parking is limited and buses are rubbish.
Newport office gets really hot
Not many places to eat around the area, and the canteen is quite expensive.. staff were not pleasant to work with. None so far, but I just started.. Bad weather and it was rainy. Lack of empathy to staff. The shifts can drag sometimes. Bureaucratic at times, fairly low salary, can be siloed. Some times things move slowly in terms of change/transformations. A lot of bureaucracy which leads to many things taking longer than they should.. I would have preferred a higher salary.. On call 6 days, poor pay , dire management. High targets. Pay could be a little higher to be on par with comparably skilled jobs in other areas of the civil service.. * Not as good salary as the private sector. Performance management is a joke; the current system is completely toothless and there is no reason to excel as performance plays no role in career progression or pay awards. 
Your experience is largely dictated by the manager you work for, i.e. a great manager will lead to a great experience, an incompetent one will have you searching for other jobs.. -Terrible location, difficult to access.. Salary is average for the work done.  However, the work life balance does make up for this a lot.
Can sometimes take a long time to get things done due to complexities of department and managerial structure.. Sometimes a bit slow pace. Shift patterns are required to be short so working only 20 hours a week for example can span 5 days. burocratic nightmare, management not trained correctly. Systems don’t work properly. Pay some management lack of progression. Quite far from most other Government departments/Whitehall, could have have impact on development/opportunities. The promotion system is obscure and unfair.
Performance management system seems to change every other month.
Very Gradist (Your rank often dictates who's right in a situation).
Managers just want to hear everything fine.
Age and time served often dictates promotions.
Agist environment.
No thought as to resources required for projects and changes.. Low pay, culture not motivating. Areas of responsibility not clearly set out and this can lead to frustration and gaps.
I'm used to working in the private sector and find the ONS quite hierarchical and difficult to navigate in terms of ensuring that you are meeting company objectives able to lead your area of work and make an impact in comparison to previous experience.  Greater flexibility and negotiation needed - often dropping work, passing work on and picking up new projects needed at short notice.. Implementing changes can be a lengthy process, but it is an area of the civil service where change is often complex. Poor remuneration,  very slim progression prospects. Lower pay than other government departments. Less developed engineering culture, few top-tier engineers, slower learning curve as a result. No opportunities to advance in technical role beyond fairly junior level (pure management after that). Civil service unsurprisingly has lower pay.. limited opportunities, tokenism, constant restructuring. Its in Newport! Hassle to get to, unless you choose to live in Newport (don't :p). Holidays aren’t as good as other civil service organisations. Pay isn’t as good either.. People move on quickly e.g. students. I don't have any to date. Location isn't most ideal for some. None...managers help as much as they can. -Huge company, lots of people (in the Newport HQs)
-Perhaps not that great for enhancing the skills you're passionate about. Some inertia to modernise skills in long-term civil servants. None - everything is good there. Pay could be better and more freedom in influencing decision making.. Disorganised, poor communication, not great pay. It is really hard to think of any particular "cons" to working at the ONS. The office is part of the Civil Service but is going through transformation which provides the opportunity to be part of innovative changes and to use new and upcoming technologies.. As with all Civil Service departments we have faced efficiency cuts and do "more for less". However ONS is transforming and there are lots of really good opportunities.. *Big company brings internal politics in some teams at times
* Limited financial offerings - salary / bonus. - sometimes too much red-tape and bureaucracy
- the wheels of change move slowly
- some inter-departmental rivalry. Not given training to perform work functions
Lack of solid support especially for new employees
Managers just want to hear things are fine
Unfair promotion process 
Not great for non locals
Location - by a motorway roundabout in Newport. Traffic can be horrendous about 4pm
Mind numbingly dull if you don’t love data
Salary relatively poor compared to other Dept’s. The grade 7s have too much to do, so it’s difficult to get some non-urgent stuff on the agenda. For some reason, ONS still follows the ‘guided distribution’ method of performance assessment which is a real disappointment.. Traffic can get busy for such a large site but that is for me the only con. Fixed term contracts in abundance. Difficult to secure permanent employment. Location of the office in Newport. The work itself can be repetitive but that's the nature of data collection.. Unless one is proactive and gets into a role suited to their strengths, one runs the risk of being in a role they are ill-equipped to perform. This then makes your stay very uncomfortable. Very bad bus combination to get there. The hrs can be rather unsociable at times, working till late in the evening sometimes.. -Based HQ in Newport Wales not very good for networking opportunities as an economist.. Not everyone will be happy with having to move to Newport, although there are nice places in the area. You could earn more in the private sector.. Not CHALLENGING!
Same day everyday 
No excitement. salary could be better.  It very out of date.  Communication poor.. Can be too hot
Pay not brilliant compared with other departments
Traffic at peak times can be troublesome
Work can be repetitive. Harder to get to than other offices due to location and stronger leadership and messages from the top are sometimes needed.. Food is not great and portions small
No Costa. Public sector 
Enthusiasm varies across the office 
Not very challenging. Very inefficient with the work that is carried out there.. Let down by lack of honesty to potential respondents and very anal about timekeeping. If you don't like change, then please think before applying!. Some factors that affect your targets are completely outwith your control, ie weather, respondents being on holiday/in hospital but are still counted as a fail on your part as the interview wasn't carried out.Targets can be quite high and unachievable, particularly dependent on area of work. Far too much bureaucracy, field interviewers should not have this amount of paperwork in their homes! Safety may be an issue for some as night time working required, not ideal in some areas. Pay is very poor for the skill set required to do the job effectively.. salary not that great, it could be better. A lot of administrative work to be done e.g. spreadsheets, inputting data. A lot of emailing between team members and head of teams was required on a daily basis.. At times the field operation felt slightly isolated as I had to manage a team without a fixed office.. Change programmes manage badly and not enough honesty from senior management when things go wrong. Tendency to jump on band wagons. Senior management often seem remote. Pay prospects not great.. pay could be better for level of responsibility. Progression can be difficult as HMT is a small organisation.. Less chance of career progression within the civil service. Uninspiring and rather repetitive work. Office conditions were poor. Lighting, windows, blinds, temperature, toilets, etc. There was a plan to move to new offices for many years. It might finally be happening soon but it gave them the perfect excuse to invest nothing in the existing building for a long long time.. Sometimes stressful and understaffed (but the small size of the dept can be a positive); low pay for range Ds considering that the calibre of the work is often comparable to SEO (rather than HEO) in other depts; not a great L&D offer at range D outside of grad scheme. Not as much emphasis on management and leadership in recruitment as there perhaps should be; policy roles at range C (EO) are virtually non existent, which has knock on effects for organisational diversity and restricts management opportunities to Range E (Grade 7) upwards. Long hours and no opportunities for more pay beyond promotion.. Benefits and rewards are not the best.... The pay is low and the graduate scheme training isn't the most useful. Lot of days when there wasn’t much to do. Old fashioned organisation processes. Pay flattens out as you progress.. Not especially well paid, even for civil service. Can be busy and subject to stress.. Salaries are very low, especially for junior staff, given the degree of responsibility and the amount of working hours, no overtime, no bonuses and no free perks.. - None, all very positive. low relative pay compared to other departments. Pay much lower than equivalent in private sector and work load can be very high. There can also be high turnover in teams which effects performance. Steep learning curve for those joining from the private sector. Low salaries compared to other government departments.. Salary is good, but not great at entry level. Gets better after the first promotion. Hard to identify too many downsides. Hours perhaps longer than at some other Government Departments.. Ok management and Unclear internal structure. - Salary
- Limited progression
- Underpaid for the work conducted. -hierarchical 
-lack of diversity of thought
- there is a culture which normalises overworking and creates competition. Work from home isn’t as fun. Not the best pay.
Can be a little boring.. long hours often required and work life balance can suffer. The lines of HMT responsibilities vs other departments can be a little blurred.. a lot of bureaucracy involved. Pay too low, lack of progression. location can be a struggle. Very limited vertical progression opportunities.. Competitive and difficult to predict progression. Demanding and challenging work, with an uncompetitive remuneration package. - Quite slow. I did not feel like I was learning at the same pace as my peers that chose the private sector. You can still utilise your skills and learn but I wouldn't recommend it for super ambitious graduates.. Political; Limited progression possibilities; pay and compensations; little benefits. Low salary progression after first promotion.. Low pay compared to other government departments and the private sector. Compared to other govt departments, HMT is a little insular. Pay is low compared to private sector.. None That i can think of. Poor pay, poor facilities, social atmosphere varies between teams. Hard work at times
Ministers
Salary not competitive. Bullying in my team, toxic team culture. Low pay and poor management at all levels. Huge turnover and changes in teams, which means hard to get expertise in one role.

Little time available to reflect and deepen understanding of policy area.

Low pay vis à vis private sector.. No retention incentives, salary not competitive. Quite dry work; high turnover of staff; hotdesking a pain.. Poor management, low quality staff, very high churn rates.. Paid less than others in public sector for the complex and wide ranging issues we deal with.. Can be frustrating to work with ministers

Lots of overconfident oxbridge types. Sometimes quite slow pace and so some people may not like it if they are used to constant high pace atmosphere.. -Pay not great to be honest. Quite process-oriented, little room for bigger picture/creative problem solving. Stressful environment, v short deadlines and pay uncompetitive.. nothing to add on cons. Crazy high staff turnover, low pay. extremely busy during budget depending on the area you work in. Hard for top performers to progress quickly
Not great pay. Pay can't compete with private sector. By nature some of the work is highly political, reactive and fast-paced. Something to keep in mind for individuals who prefer the more thoughtful and academic side of policy.. Poor pay and pay progression relative to other competive graduate employers and unlike other Government department they do little to reward specialist skills (e.g. you can get £3.5k for being on the GES in other depts, not HMT). 

 'Treasury type' is sadly still very much a thing - white, privately educated, egotistical Oxbridge male. But this is changing. Graduate rotation scheme restricts choice around your rotations so it's partly potluck whether you end up in a policy area you're interested in.. Students are not as valued as they ought to be, and often get given the most boring tasks despite their capabilities which often exceed graduates. 

No clear route to a graduate career despite strong performance as a placement student. 

Many graduates complained of lack of progression opportunities.. - Mixed quality of line management, possibly due to the young demographic (need A LOT more attention to improve experiences here)
- Work/life balance: it's definitely encouraged, and pushed as a priority, but in practice it doesn't feel true to many individuals e.g. part time workers feeling obliged to work extra hours to make up the time or logging on after the kids are put to bed!
- Pay package compared to other Whitehall departments is low, but you could balance this with the scope and opportunities of work
- Career progression is limited if you are not looking for a long-term policy role. 
 Not a massive downside, but it might put people off who wish to progress in the other professions. No cons to report upon. Work life balance could be a bit turbulent at fiscal events. Some processes are out of date, and the high turnover means that some in roles are left with complex information and limited guidance.. Poor working conditions (not enough desks etc); low salary; long hours.. - No long term plan for graduates. After the first two rotations you'll be on your own. 

- 18 month rotations can be very long if you are placed in bad and boring team

- Work is seasonable in most policy team. Be prepared for long slump periods

- Slow promotion. Don't expect to be a managerial position after the end of the programme. Pay is not the best for Civil Service. Plenty of promotion opportunities but very little opportunity for pay increase within one grade. Frequent young graduate intakes with fast employee churn - it's easy to feel old.. Work life balance could be very turbulent during weeks ahead of major events such as the budget or international meetings.
Workloads can vary drastically between teams and even members within them of the same level.. Line managers in general were poor, particularly at range E(1) level
Sometimes there is no work/life balance. The idea of government bureaucracy is real, things can move very slowly and collaborations with other departments can be disappointing.. Can be a high pressure environment, particularly during fiscal events. Very bureaucratic, understand now why nothing in the government ever gets done someone always has to get clearance from the person above.. The salary is not great, even for the public sector, and working hours can sometimes be long, although usually with peaks and troughs and management support for flexible working.. Some arrogance amongst certain senior staff, "treasury royalty" etc; instinctive aversion to collaborating and sharing information amongst those who rose in the Brown years; cavalier attitude to motivation and retention of staff. bad culture 
depends where your placed
no training. The nice lunch places are a good 10-15 minute walk away!
Although most the local cafes (starbucks, costa etc) are 5 minutes away!. Pay levels are generally low even relative to other government departments and public sector agencies. Pay progression within grades is also limited and there are limited opportunities to progress higher than mid-management level due to ration of mid-management to senior management positions.. Work life balance varies greatly and is dependent on manager and director. The lack of consistency is frustrating. Pay level is quite low and the rigidity of roles means a hard slog.. Low pay, poor staff retention, inordinate competition at the top, slow to change at the top, too quick to let valuable staff go, poor relationship with OGD. Pay legs behind other Whitehall departments, not comparable to private sector offering for skills. Management skills improving but still an issue.. The use of resources (i.e. how much time and efforts staff spend on some projects) is not always strategic.
Lack of exposure to industry and "real-world". long term career options within organisation. Limited exposure to industry, salary not competitive. I would advise anyone joining the Graduate Policy Adviser scheme to think carefully about joining HM Treasury. When I received my offer I was surprised and pleased to have passed the assessments and expected the role to be equally challenging yet was disappointed by the mundane and sometimes pointless work. My role was not strictly a policy adviser role. Hours were long and the effort I put into my work was not appreciated. My managers were not always fully supportive, micro-managed incessantly, and were often rude. When I tried to chase people to meet a deadline or suggest doing things differently I was made to feel as if I was undermining more senior colleagues - people at the Treasury are very territorial and 'gradist'. Training is abysmal and many graduates complained how useless it was. From conversations with other graduates, there were many grumblings about the Graduate Policy Adviser scheme overall. The Treasury is dominated by aloof, largely white middle class Oxbridge-eduated males; there is very little diversity at more senior levels.. Boring boring boring boring boring. Bureucracy, elitist. Glass ceiling in terms of progression for those who didn't attend a top 5 university.. Salary is not at par of what you could earn in the private sector. Strong emphasis on generalists and policy - specialists, such as those with finance or similar qualifications are seen as niche and less capable of other roles, regardless of actual ability.

Poor pay in comparison to wider Government - lowest pay of any central government department.

Flat structure also means achieving promotion is extremely challenging and oversubscribed. The organisation also seems to have a 'grass is greener' attitude where comparable or less capable staff from outside win roles ahead of strong internal applicants.

The above contributes to staff turnover in excess of 30%, which means corporate memory is lacking and work can sometimes be a frustrating reinvention of the wheel.. - As with most public sector organisations, pay is limited relative to other careers. Exceptionally poor management systems in place mean neglect of personal development and promotion of people who lack any management  experience.  Employee morale can fall very easily as management chop and change their approach.  Pay is poor.  Opportunities for profression are limited and highly competitive.  Environment is clichey, dismissive and flippant.. The money is worse than elsewhere in the civil service; can be stressful at times, particularly in the run up to big events like Budgets; you don't get into the detail of anything - a lot of it is making a little knowledge go a long way.. Micromanagement  and long hours and casework can be heavy. As a placement student the more low-level work is, unexpectedly, passed down to you. However this is an exception rather than the rule. Generally the work is challenging and interesting.. Pay is bad compared even to other Whitehall departments. High turnover. Most of us could earn more in the private sector so people tend to leave if they get to end of a deployment and can't find a new internal posting they like. Long working hours - while technically additional hours worked can be taken as time off in lieu, it's not always possible to take full advantage of this. Pay lags behind that of other central Government departments.. Some people find it hard to deliver consistent quality at pace, politicians can be demanding and idiosyncratic. Need to be resilient, mistakes can be very public. Slight monoculture of intense bright young things. Can be high pressured at peak times and people get stressed. Not many promotion opportunities but the very best get promoted quickly. Pay is less than in other departments but new intermediate grades have been introduced to address this.. Pay is poor, particularly compared to options elsewhere.. Pay progression is poor, you will likely have to work for more than 4 years before moving to the next range (i.e. senior policy adviser). There can also be periods of time where there is little work to do and it can be a bit of a struggle if you do not have a project to get on with.. Pay is poor relative to other Departments and it takes longer to get promoted. Longer hours than other Departments. Can be a quite chaotic environment as there isnt a culture of compliance or bureaucracy.. Upward progression has become stymied because of the limited number of SCS roles and there is a certain 'Treasury type' who tend to attain those roles. SCS are all very similar personalities. Management takes a back seat to policy development and meeting the needs of Ministers. Strategically the Department lacks the sense of direction you can find elsewhere in Whitehall.. bad pay, no promotion prospects, politicians! Lack of moral among colleagues, constant risk aversion and uncertainty.. Bonus compared to Banks in the City is very low. - Work/life balance is often atrocious. Very fast pace of work means that prioritization has to be ruthless. 
- Compensation system is one of the  lowest in the whole of HM Government, leading to high turnover. 
- Despite very competent leadership and supervision, and despite the abundant talent and unquestionable brainpower of the staff, it's a very young environment - much younger, at least, than you'd expect from one of the government departments with the most pivotal roles.
- The performance evaluation system is relative to your peers, rather than based on your absolute performance, which more often than not results in an unusually competitive work environment. Salary is lower than similar grades at other government departments - this is the main complaint. The Treasury can recruit off the back of its reputation rather than having to attract applicants with money. It grinds when you meet useless civil servants from other parts of government on much higher salaries - but then, coming from the Treasury, you can easily get a job anywhere in the public sector if you get too fed up with it. 

There is also a bit of a long hours culture, although this is relative to other parts of the public sector. It can be a bit of an unsociable place to work sometimes (people tend to be very focused on their work), although this depends to a large degree on the directorate you work for.. Tendency for micromanagement and more people than necessary getting involved in decision making. Weak leadership. boys club; the unit was not very inclusive. Poor communication from managers. No managerial experience. Lots of politics and bureaucracy
Hard to get anything done
Seemed to be doing a re-org every 6 months
Some terrible managers along with the good ones
Archaic legacy systems 
No sense of agency. Disjointed and Blinkered to the paths available. Harassment and bullying - sexist, racist, homophobic all experienced or witnessed at this organisation a lot from managers or senior staff
Very poor leadership and high risk aversion - spend more time on reputation management rather than action 
Constant pointless meetings and real lack of clarity and direction throughout the leadership - very unambitious and lacking in real drive or strong commercial / industry knowledge 
Definitely a place to go if you've failed in your consulting career if your unable to work in a team, unable to act on advice and if you've got the tendency to bully or harass others
Huge wastes of public money on consulting projects on HR and IT (in the millions)
You won't be promoted if you actually challenge anything (despite the spin) - if you want to be promoted here just say yes to the person higher up. If I can give negative stars! You may not get another job as everyone knows it doesn’t do anything at all.. So much bureaucracy and red tape. Very hard to get anything done. Endless meetings. lack of management guidance and direction. Probably too many meetings and the IT system could be improved.. Hopeless incompetence at all levels. There are many problems at the organisation all which relate to the horrible HR department, their lack of knowledge and most importantly their inability to do any work. The organisation is full of nepotism and people who do nothing but make extortionate amounts of money. Managers will offer positions to individuals before they are even interviewed because they want someone in their inner circle around to cover for them as they do nothing (they say that interviews are competency based however this is just a tick box exercise that can be abused). More often than not this leads to people in positions that they are not qualified for causing stagnation in decision making and lots of busy work that never leads anywhere. This is never highlighted as managers will give that person an excellent performance review with no evidence of work and HR will dish out bonuses and payrises. In the rare occasions when managers are raising performance concerns with HR they will refuse to take action or support managers with problem employees. There are people at this organisation commit gross misconduct and never face any consequence.. There was no real direction.. there a no cons i can think. Lower and Middle management are the worst I have had the terrible misfortune to come across. Short sighted, temperamental, bullying, weak, narcissistic and two faced are some of their better traits!

Nepotism is rife. If you are interested in joining an organisation where you will be valued for your  efforts and are empowered to do your job then the Pensions Regulator is not for you. However if having the ability to not think, agree with the irrational and take instructions  from over promoted psychotic buffoons TPR wants you now!

Having the ability to attend pointless meetings, reviews and huddles on a never ending basis is the norm.  Being allowed to think and use your initiative is discouraged. Thinking outside the box is a capital offence!!!

The last few reviews on here have been far too corporate and generic to be believable. There is a reason why staff leave bad reviews.

The staff survey was eye opening yet the Senior Management put their heads in the sand, ignored the truth and gave each other bonuses. 

A poisonous and toxic environment which will never change. 

I would have left a minus 5 star if allowed.. Specialist field service may restrict progression in the long term.. Not a huge con but even before Covid, there was quite a big meeting culture, with many diaries being full of meetings, although the organisation is aware and have been taking action to combat it.. the pay was much lower than other internships in the same field. no cons as it's quite a good company. Am currently taking them to an employment tribunal for bullying, disability discrimination and constructive dismissal for failing to make reasonable adjustments for disability caused by bullying and sexual harrassment at work. Also taking them to court for three serious breaches of the Data Protection Act. They are aware that they have acted unlawfully but are wasting tax payers money by going to court. Have reported to the Pensions Committee as exective are aware of lack of adherence to data security regulations and have refused to act. Confused/non existant senior management decision making
slow line management with ill defined job roles. Hypocritical company who says their ethos is to be swift in response & action, however they do not follow it themselves. None identified so far in role.. Higher management levels use meetings to challenge each other rather than focus on what they are there for.  Lower management levels need to have training on how to manage people and look after their staff.  Loyalty and hard work doesn't mean anything to some of the higher levels.. Quite low moral when I joined, not much buzz on the floor. Sometimes felt teams working in silo rather than together.. New remuneration strategy undervalues some role types and does not represent market rates.. Archaic systems. Decision-making is slow or non-existent. Bran new job and evaluation reward not great. Pay and reward is limited. 
Senior management can be secretive.. Lack of visibility from the directors during a time of change 
Lack of accountability and decision making from managers and senior staff 
Bullying culture. Lack of progression and poor decision making. Not having any technical knowledge, qualifications or relevant skills is seen as positive here. Top and middle management known for being clueless and make incomprehensible decisions daily. Nepotism is normal and your face needs to fit to go anywhere. Lots of frustrated employees but the management couldn’t care less.. The culture is rotten to the core.
Staff spend all day whingeing about their working conditions, management, their job roles yet will not do anything about this.
Staff are overpaid, over confident and do not appear to achieve anything positive.
There is a vile atmosphere towards new members of staff whom management will take time to single out and make their lives a misery, whilst at the same time over inflating their own massive ego's!
Team working is a joke as around 50% of staff spend their time bad mouthing work colleagues,whilst the remainder spend their time being quiet hoping they are not being targeted by either management or their colleagues.
No support from management, no career development and the work is oh..so dull.

As in the title of this review working at TPR  was being in a really bad version of the film Groundhog Day.. Staff have no idea of what real work and conditions are. Most staff have  there years. They never leave, instead they do nothing but moan about pay and conditions that are frankly a cut above most organisations. They seem to have forgotten they are there to serve uk pension savers spending public money.. Bullying and questionable treatment of staff - questionable legality on this too which flies under the governments radar and the bullies remain.  Some employees are institutionalised and perpetuate these behaviours.. Job evaluation project results are not clear. Management is a shambles and they seem to be adept at de-motivating staff.. Salary review means those coming in will be much less well compensated. Team leader who did no work and was abusive to staff, totally vile environment.. Shocking management. One of the dullest roles I've ever had.. Where you do to de-skill and be treated as punch bag by senior management. Salaries could be better aligned to the market. Like all large organisations, it is hard to get anything done quickly. Endless meetings but not always much action. Culture was  poor when I was an employee. Very political atmosphere - bullying not uncommon. Some questionable treatment of some good people. Things may have changed in the years since I left.. Management style is absolutely diabolical.. Most of the people there are great but a couple of strange individuals had too much power at the time. Extremely slow to get anything done due to being part of a government department. Expect things to take three times as long as you're used to if coming from the private sector. Incredible waste of money having to stick to the policy to get best value, time doesn't seem to have a cost. 
Not much hope of progression but difficult to lose your job.. No negotiation for salary which is set at bands, which can at time be unfair compared to role status and responsibilities.. Far too much hypothesis and minimal action. The organisation has a fairly big remit, but very little authority to actually execute their remit effectively. As you would imagine with a public-sector company there is a lot of bureaucracy and no real measurement of how they manage cases or internal productivity so it is hard to actually get anything done.. Government Gate way is not user friendly and many employers get frustrated. Log in platform would need to be updated.. Not really a con but Civil Service. Lack of progression within teams and fixed salary point rather than a salary scale. Often to progress you may need to change job role completely.. SharePoint from the early 2000s.. if you are a SharePointer there is nothing but doom here... - Poor Management and obvious nepotism with the management system
- Dysfunctional system
- Time wasters and should be closed down in my opinion.

(PS: I am not the first to have this opinion).. Poor management at all levels, will not progress on merit alone, only way up is to be a yes person and be liked by a senior manager. Nasty office politics and games played.. Bullying by middle management is rife. There is a certain amount of cronyism amongst the middle management who are mostly not as technically sophisticated as those they manage.. Too much bureaucracy and red tape when getting the job done.. Not focused on the bigger picture. Slow to act and unwilling to take risks
Culture of cronyism and bullying. I have not experienced any cons. - Poor communication
- No urgency in completing work requests. Can literally wait weeks for other areas of the organisation to respond to your request. 
- Salary scale is lower than most other employers. Lack of defined vision and strategy.
Some senior managers doing what's right for them rather than doing what's right.
Politics favoured over professionalism and performance.
Evidence of integrity voids / sexism / behaviour verging on bullying (reported but not resolved).. Leadership, progression and training almost non existent.. Need to play politics to get anywhere.. Severe lack of career progression. Too much talking and not enough doing, lots of red tape and bureaucracy, senior leadership isn't very accountable and tends to slow down and skirt around decision making. On the whole, a very 'answer is no' culture to anything that is progressive.. No promotions available
Salaries are uncompetitive
Frustrating IT platforms. Location, lots of working from home flexibility. Limited pay rises available within the same job grade. Very demanding and high pressure. Too political and many biases. Not enough technical training for core role. Work can be repetitive. Lots of sign off required by management.. chaotic, lots of favouritism, heavy bureaucracy. Slow progression, quite hierarchical in terms of bureaucracy, quite slow pace. Generally not for individuals who are more risk-taking and would like to work hard/play hard. Like other public service jobs, you have to apply for a promotion rather than be granted one for outstanding performance.. Constant change leads to confusion and increases silo culture. Poor work life balance.. - they carry a lot of people who keep getting promoted through the ranks even though they do not really contribute much
- huge disparancies between departments as well both in terms of workload and salaries. Silos are often present so one can feel restricted.. Career progression could be slow. Administrative processes are very onerous. Management are poor. Good staff are undervalued and under appreciated. Salary is a bit lower than the industry. career development is not well managed. -Slow progression
-Strategic decisions could be improved. Can be a lot of governance to navigate. Management can some times be overbearing. Can be overly political and too driven by agendas. Salary is not very high. Pay is based on fundraising efforts, which is difficult during COVID season.. Limited Career Progression and Salary. Slow progression, below industry wages. No cons that I can think of, I loved it there. Poor pay and poor bonuses. Constant remodelling of organisational structure gets in the way of work.. Can be difficult to get into management roles. Con con con con con. Lots of lateral career development but progression upwards is limited and you could be in the same grade for years! Some management (as with most places) are ‘old school’ with an outdated mentality and need to get in touch with the times. Middle management is often not as competent as newer talent at associate level (quite frustrating for associates).. work is can be very mundane
too much process
lack of equal pay
promotions do not work properly. Micromanagement in the call centre is a major issue.. Few promotion opportunities at tech spec. Slow career progression not enough transparency of remuneration policy. Career progression is difficult, complex organisation which can be hard to navigate. location, promotions can be hit and miss. Pay could be better, too much flexibility, needs greater control. Location, some politics, intense environment occasionally. Slightly bureaucratic, though this may be inevitable in a public service regulator.. Big machinery, depending on where you work, perspective can be blurred. And of course the location in Stratford.. Slow to make changes across the organisation. Too bureaucratic, slow to make change. Lack of career progression opportunities. Hierarchical and process driven at times. Massive lack of advancement in EMO given there are no Senior Associate positions - could be stuck for 5+ years on the same salary at the bottom of the band.

Experiences can vary wildly by team. I have had some fantastic managers and some managers who seemed to take pleasure in bullying more junior members of staff, and this negative feedback is never addressed or acted on.. No personal development support - end of year evaluations are just all talk. Almost no progression opportunities available. Mediocre managers, too much politics. Not enough resource, Stressful, lack of progression. Slow progression in some teams. Long hours and short staffed. Nothing its all pretty good. Progression within Enforcement is difficult. Location is an issue for some as based in Stratford East London and not the City, salary not in line with privately funded organisations, bespoke nature of job roles makes it difficult to progress however this is changing. Lack of diversity at higher levels. Atmosphere worst place ever worked. it's all good, cannot complain. Bureaucratic and low risk appetite. Some Managers (but not all) could do with some specific people management training/experience.. bureaucracy and lack of transparency. sometimes slow, several disengaged people. Workload, currently not living up to the work-life balance which is one of FCA's key selling points.. Bureaucracy, Bureaucracy, Bureaucracy, Bureaucracy, Bureaucracy. Low wages, high pressure, no career. Management, HR and inefficiency. Lack of connection with the real world. Culture of entitlement by long standing staff who don’t recognise how well they are looked after or that opportunities come to those that push themselves rather than those who simply turn up and do a decent job.
HR policies that make it almost impossible to manage out poor performers. No Cons at to state. Constant change underway with much repetition. Salary increases are poor, career progression or movement is difficult.. Promotion is difficult to achieve. Promotional opportunities don't exist you have to actively move roles. Hard to progress, understaffed, pay isn’t competitive. Excessive bureaucracy and lengthy decision making. Limited opportunities to develop and no stability. Occasional extended travel, push back from plant teams. Somewhat bureaucratic and internal processes can often get in the way of results.. Easy to get lost due to number of people working on a project and constant influx of contractors.. Wide pay ranges which can leave some confused, quite difficult to progress.. I have no comments here.. Slow career progression, burdensome governance. Progression at the junior level is terribly slow, significantly impacting remuneration and morale, forcing most of the good home grown talent to depart for more senior roles elsewhere. Frequent changes in senior leadership and strategy creating confusion on direction of travel.. Few opportunities for upward movement to Manager level
Lots of bureaucracy in certain work. Very poor progression opportunities 
Very few BAME women in senior roles despite many being in junior positions
No working class accents in senior roles
Poor pay at associate level for London. Glass Ceiling and not great pay. Too much bureaucracy, no support for employees. Feeling understaffed at times, especially as a result of Covid and Brexit. Sometimes the company can be a bit political. Lack of career development and poor compensation. Lack of career progression - no such thing as a promotion. If you want to progress you have to pray someone more senior leaves, and even if that occurs they may award the position to someone external or remove the position and call it a saving.. Employ people who then bring in their "mates" - sometimes a good thing but people only there now for a short time to have FCA on their CV.. Remuneration and career progression can be slow. Toxic culture, bias managers, bullying. Career progression can be difficult
Bureaucracy can be a bit too much. They think they are the parliament and too much office politics. Bureaucratic. Poor management in some teams.. Promotion opportunities for in-house legal roles are a rarity. Poor management honestly terrible placs. Politics in the middle management layer
Associate's often treated like children even though you could be in your 30s/40s
I couldn't always be myself
Annual Review process is not run very well. If you are permanent staff this is a good place to work. However FTC/Temps are treated pretty badly and are often let go without much notice. Its very difficult to get a perm job despite what HR tell you when joining. They told me the temp status was only was until my probation was over. They said paralegals hired before me had all been offered permanent jobs after six months, and I would to - provided I passed my probation. I found out that this was not true after I joined. The FCA do not like creating perm positions so you will most likely be let go before two years, and I know many who have despite being competent and well liked. This is also bad for teams because they have to bring in new people to train which obviously has an impact in terms of capacity etc especially as it often takes months to recruit replacements. It’s also not great for the culture having a high turnover. 

Very long work hours - there is too much work and too little staff. Even junior staff are expected to work long hours to keep on top of deadlines. I often feel swamped with work. However, there is no overtime paid and for FTC/Temps there are no bonuses either (again despite what you are told when joining) so it’s very unfair as you are basically working a full time job (and part time job If you add up the extra hours - & working for free)
The remuneration for the amount of work and hours you do is terrible and managers have no empathy for this. 

I know great mangers but equally I had one who was known to be difficult to work with and had a history of bullying issues so why this person was given line management responsibility is very strange. It can be extremely cliquey (almost reminiscent of high school) it definitely comes down who you know not what you know in terms of progression. I also feel as though if you are from a different background you can be made to feel like abit of an outcast, very London centric and there is pressure to ‘fit into the culture’. Also the organisation is very overly concerned with policy and procedure at the expense of efficiency or common sense.. Very rare that vacancies become available. Its part time for now so havent been getting full 40hrs. Difficult to get promoted. Lack of diversity at senior levels.. - Compensation package is not competitive. Great place to work, location of the office could be better. ridiculous bureaucracy (up to 15 people to review and opine on a document who no one will bother read in the end); hiring people with little or no experience to do specialist regulatory roles. constant revolving door of staff; management are like headless chickens when something negative about an FCA regulated firm hits the news.. Micro management
Hard to move up in the organisation. Career progression can take a while. Pay higher than other regulatory bodies but not in commercial realms.
Too risk averse.. n/a - it was a really positive experience. Culture is awful. Bureaucratic. Out of touch senior management. Location of London offices is in a most undesireable part of London. Poor compensation and benefits. Appraisal process is a sham. Lack of progression. Under resourced which means employees are overworked.. Slow career progression 
Salary 
Location. Very difficult to progress / develop. - pays less than the private sector
- bureaucratic. Pace of work can be slow.. Sadly lack of progression and may be stuck doing the same job for a very long time. Bloated middle management. Need a crash diet to cut the fat.. Areas are run in a way to turn associates with valuable experience of relevant sectors into close minded beings whose purpose is only to tick a number of boxes. More of a deal is made about adding various bits of data to the systems than coming to the right decision on a case. This is all incredibly demotivating to those who joined to make a difference to customers lives. There are now so many QA requirements that they can easily make up to 90% of an assessment, with an actual assessment on the merits of the application making up the other 10%. Surely this isn’t value for money? 

Distinct lack of technical expertise in areas, to the extent that Auths seems to often be playing catch up  with the rest of the organisation rather than being the trailblazers. Embarrassing really.. Little career progression, very bureaucratic place. Cronyism, there are lots of very long-term senior people in place. Takes time to get promotion. longer commute following relocation to Stratford. Slow career progression for most.. Difficult to progress internally via promotion. Can be difficult to progress. Travel, lack of progression, none, None , None. Cant think of any right now. Not real experts in the field. Governance layers
Need to updat infrastructure. Progression and remuneration were the main cons. Poor career prospects. Poor pay. Micro- management in every way possible, unqualified individuals in management roles with little to no people skills. Poor pay but require maximum output especially in the Supervision Hub. A strong favouritism culture. Do not expect to progress if your Team leader is not in your corner. Dull repetitive work , no real progression available. They pretend to care about diversity but it is just a tick box exercise. Pay gap between white men and BAME women is around 39% .. can be disorganised depending on dept, political at times and rigid on promotion pay discussions i.e. if you get promoted you cannot negotiate your pay you simply start on the lowest pay of your band.. Work can be stressful as dictated by events. It can be a little hierarchical. Annual pay rises should be better for strong performers.. Difficult to progress, lots of hierachy, office is in Stratford. Internal development is slow and stagnant at time. Less chance of progression internally. Very process driven ways of working. Good life work balance and flexible working hour. - Slow pace
- Not very innovative. no issues while working with them- worked through another company though. None at the moment that I can think of. Average pay at lower grades. Wheels of change turn slowly. can be long hours, some managers better than others. Travel to Stratford, bureaucratic management. Not a lot of variety of work for paralegals. Long hours but rewarding experience. Exhausting governance procedure. Vast amounts of admin. Demands come from senior staff that cannot be met within the timelines for sign-off that senior staff have also agreed, leading to a lot of conflict at working level. You can't get time with senior staff before they review a paper, so if they have questions or objections they only come up at the last minute when inevitably you have no time to address them (see point about timelines above).. The culture needs improving, very hierarchical and old fashioned, unapproachable senior leaders. Slow decision making, terribly bureaucratic. Lagging behind in technology and fresh approaches.. Politics, favourites, career progression, London Centric. Sometimes the rhetoric can be a little hollow and its time to move on. You can be a square peg for only so long before the novelty wears off and you don't fit.. Middle management is inexperienced with below basic people and management skills. Serious D&I issues, HR has zero power to influence anything or zero compassion. If you're not British, think about joining this organisation twice - HR policies are not very welcoming to international people who might want some flexibility.. No consequence for failing to deliver or missing deadlines. Staff regularly utilised for career progressing pet projects by managers and above that don't align to business plan or organisation's goals. In some areas it currently feels like you're being made to feel complicit if you don't explicitly subscribe to political movements and statements. Bonuses and objectives for HoD level and above seem too political and don't align to what industry or consumers would expect for the fees being paid. Some blogs that have been approved for publication externally have a political slant e.g. relating to USA politics or Brexit that are contrary to staff guidelines but seem to pass scrutiny. Losing its way through political correctness now it has brought in lots of former civil servants and continues to live in the bubble of London. Focus on the day job please!. The internal politics can be awful. Senior people's careers and personal agendas seem to be the most important thing. This leads, on occasion, to decisions on important issues being actively avoided (so no one can be 'blamed' at a later date), or to questionable decisions being taken for (even more) questionable reasons. This can be demoralising if you're motivated by doing the 'right' thing. Often, you're actively discouraged from doing anything more than facilitating what seniors want to do, even if there are better ways to approach the issue. Discussion over how best to achieve desired outcomes, constructive criticism etc., are suppressed in the interests of pleasing more senior people first and foremost. That is priority number one, in many cases. Opportunities for career development and progression are severely limited, and often one's ability to play internal politics well seems to have a bigger impact than doing your job well. There are also certain parts of the organisation which are led by people who have a terrible understanding of issues relevant to FS regulation, which can be demoralising and frustrating as it makes effecting good outcomes much harder. If you're a ' go-to' person for certain issues, work-life balance disappears rather quickly; hours are often comparable to my time in industry, but without the same level of pay.. Money and rewards could be better. 1- for 23k they expect you to be an “expert” in Savings, Scams, Mortgages, Credit, Pensions, Customer care, and all the other modules your expected to understand from start to finish.  

2- all calls are recorded and scrutinised by quality assurance people and managers.  They even pick out and scrutinise / patronise petty things like how you said “hello” on the phone to consumer or firm. 
Constant Critism of our calls and how it could always “be better”. 

3- micro managed to the point that if you go to the toilets, it’s considered time taken for your break!!!

I once had a bad tummy and was in and out of toilets that day and so my manager said I can’t take a 15 min break because I used it up by going toilets!

All that nonsense for 23k a year in LONDON!

High turnover of staff in contact centre. 

One manager would give me feedback and say my calls were rubbish. 
Other manager said they were really good.  
So when I bought up both conflicting feedback to my manager, I was told to use my common sense (because he didn’t know which manager to side with).  

If you get a few bad reviews by manager for the calls..... then your losing your job basically as your put on an action plan and everyone knows this as all meetings were held in glass rooms right there where everyone can see you in tears.  

So humiliating.  

I challenged some reviews by manager for which they failed my call quality...... and after I appealed they decided that my call was actually rather good and got a decent mark for it!
So they judge your calls with consumers and only if your clever enough to challenge them on their markings, they end up deciding that they shouldn’t have failed you. 

Inconsistencies like that could and have have ended up costing people their jobs.. Difficulty progressing to senior levels with limitations in resource; not particularly social; public sector so remuneration is not at the same level as private. Senior management are a bit narrow in their view of people and people issues. HR seems under invested in - with not good training and not much compassion for employees. While there are some fantastic managers it really depends who you get. There is a problem with equal treatment of staff - there is a 17.8% (mean) / 20.6% (median) gender pay gap. There is a 28.8% median and 27.2% mean BAME pay gap. They have not been forward coming about fixing this and put it down to BAME and female staff being more junior, yet won't publish or share internally the results of an equal pay assessment which has led a lot of us to distrust the statement that there is equal pay across the same types of jobs. I also have witnessed what I would call questionable treatment of disabled staff, working mothers, and other minority groups.. Pension hasn’t increased in almost 20 years. Terrible lateral structure means bottle necks and no room to move up. Type of work can become a bit boring and sometimes a lack of strategy. Work can get boring 
Red tape. one one should be trading with them. lack of promotion and opportunities for bame staff, mediocre pay, senior management haven't got a clue on who the top performers really are.. strange culture. You have to fit a mould.. A few of the departments are poorly managed. The FCA struggles to get rid of dead wood and tackle inappropriate behaviour by very influential senior staff.. You need to be prepared for a degree of bureaucracy involved.. Not much room to progress career wise. Nothing negative to add .. Progression is limited; extremely bureaucratic; risk averse; lacking innovative thinking.. Limited career growth and salary progression.. Bad salaries. Overworked. Under staffed. Some work can be less interesting if unlucky.. Bonus, pay, slow career progression and unfair management when it comes to bonus or other decisions. Narrow minded outlook. Too risk adverse.. Bureaucratic place to work and top performers do not get much recognition. Quite difficult to progress once you reach Reg B and pay rises are virtually non existent.. -It may be low-pace and bureaucratic
-Large number of people  in their roles for decades who add no value to the organisation, and are unwilling to change or learn, etc; This undermine the motivation and performance of competent professionals in the organisation 
-Poor contributors performance is not always addressed. Pay, bonus, recruitment process, bureaucratic, under resourced. No management in terms of pastoral care, Relentless workload with unachievable targets, Nepotistic culture based not on achievements but who you know.. Lots of bureaucracy
Pace can be slow
New office in Stratford. Poor leadership, too much politics, lack of listening up,. Slow pace, progression not guaranteed, overly bureaucratic at times, some people are slow to respond. Very slow-paced (a lot of chasing).
Stratford.
Culture is not great.. Too much red tape on certain pieces of work.. Stratford is fairly awkward and vacant. equal pay is a problem, and it is difficult (if not impossible) to move up the pay scale without getting promoted, and promotion opportunities are limited.. Location. Politics. Excessive governance means a lot cannot get done.. Overworked and under staffed, lack of support and regulatory expertise from Team leaders and no recognition  for talented staff.. Promotion in Edinburgh is limited by office size. Speed of action.. The salaries could be better.. Sometimes feels like local authority with a lot of red tape. Heads of Department that are rude, have bad attitudes to the point their department is afraid to speak up or challenge said HoD. When questioned who these individuals are you get told you are untrustworthy and they can't work with you. Too close to HR to the point they refer to them by nickname during formal meetings. Leaving staff in floods of tears with behaviour they would have others disciplined for.. Treats everyone like they are just out of uni. zero career help, management doesn't really care about you...the work sucks.. Decision making can be slow. None that I can think of. - politics
- slow and procedural
- challenging to progress quickly Vs industry
- Stratford!. No career opportunities; too many people slack off and build their reputation on the work done by someone else (who gets no recognition); and a few senior people do not understand financial markets and don’t care about people working in their division/department.. Poor culture, tick box approach to diversity. Sometimes the management was not great. Hierarchical 
Lack of progression 
Can only be promoted via recruitment. In terms of work/life balance, if you wish to progress, you have to grab particular opportunities and projects. These require very long hours (45+ hours a week) without any pay rise or recognition. 

A manager once suggested it's vital to put in more than the contracted 35 hours a week.

Stress levels are high due to pressure from seniors to perform as at full capacity. The delays/freeze in recruitment and replacing positions, is a contributing factor to this stress.. Keep hiring crap people and then pass on the problem; not really a fan of the Stratford move; pay and bonus could be done better. Career progression  is slow.
The new location is great but not central. Way too bureaucratic - slow decision making process can grind you down. your job is very much dependent on who you work for. Very seldom get raises after hire. ultimately you are working in a call center despite them dressing up the job title. Hyper competitive environment, some people more concerned about advancing their careers then moving the company forward or working as a team. Progression slow and sometimes managers not the right fit for leadership. Location, expense cafeteria with no gym. Promoting was difficult as management were fixed. Slow  career progress. Process heavy and slow at getting things done.. Sometimes was not as challenging as I would have liked it to be. A more in depth project would have been welcomed.. Office's location and no onboarsing training.. Red-Tape, bureaucracy in Gov. Agency is common.. STRATFORD!!
STRATFORD!!
STRATFORD!!
Can you tell I dislike Stratford. Poor management, work in silos, little to no progression. Slow pace
Work not inspiring. Stratford is not at all suitable for a financial services regulator.  

The walk from the office to Stratford station is a nightmare at 5pm and Stratford tube station is a dreadful experience. No one in Stratford seems to be able to understand how to walk on the correct side of the underground passage ways in the station.

The police are always doing stop and search for knives in Stratford tube station.

Very poor selection of bars, pubs, restaurants near by.  Canary Wharf had a far superior selection to chose from. 

No post office or Bupa centre near by, unlike Canary Wharf.

IQL Stratford is full of empty retail units and the building is surrounded by construction sites.

Limited career progression.. Certain areas of the organisation are overloaded with work and while sideways career progression is relatively easy, promotion is difficult to achieve and many people jump ship rather than wait.. Stratford location is not ideal. Slow career progression, too much governance can hinder substance of your work. Poor salary  causes mass staff turnover. Nothing to share regarding cons. Working in silos - but this con is present in many companies. Can only work 2 years max as a FTC/temp worker. Office in the middle of nowhere. Poor leadership. New initiatives are introduced (big tick for the leadership!) but the burden 9 times out of 10 falls on case officers. The approach seems to be ‘let’s introduce this great new idea, case officers will have no choice but to fall in line’, rather than ‘we have a great new idea but before we put it in place we’ll consider impact on case officers and how we can best help them.” Examples include new service standards that were published on the website without an assessment of feasibility and a now relentless focus on projects without consideration of impact on time for casework.. Management are ineffective and poorly structured. Decision making processes very long. Slow career progression
Location of offices. Massive turnover of staff (up to 30% in 2018) which is accepted as normal since management have the attitude that there are hundreds of candidates lining up to come in to replace people. No management and a lack of support for staff in general from the top down. A lot of people who are mid-career who do the minimum and coast along. Lack of any real career progression, you have to leave to progress.  Serious levels of sick leave amongst staff.. Quite difficult to progress to other departments.. Appallingly lazy and apathetic management of poor performers, lots of 'dead wood', inconsistent attitude to flexible working. Where to start. The training period is too long and intense and really difficult to understand their jargons. They basically think they can throw a bunch of financial jargon at a group of young people and expect them to be experts overnight. The location is too far from any surburban links and they have absolutely no flexible time policy. Also they unreasonably want you to be sick less than 4 days a year otherwise your sacked which is totally against the workplace adjustments they should make.

Also there is too many layer of staff and departments whose sole job is to condemn and patronize the consumer associate dividion which creates alot of rules, hurdles and burdens on the consumer associate. No wonder there is a high turnover rate there. The organization has alot of organizational mishaps and IT issues because it is over bloated and plagued by talk and pretense rather than doing. The pay is insultingly low and your offered benefits to make up for it which cant be realised for the first 6 months.

You are constantly told you can progress your career “within” but they dont tell you of the favoritism and sheer amount of external hiring for top end jobs! They openly say theyre for diversity but when you take a close look, it simply isnt there.

Overall, the culture makes you fills you with resentment and yearning for something better and it seems like you made the wrong decision to join everyday.. There aren't really any downsides. Location is poor and pay does not reflect experience. Familiar gripe, but some of the manager here are genuinely very weak - or at least they were where I was working. Some of the Exco members also have a massively exaggerated sense of their capabilities. The office recently moved from Canary Wharf to Stratford.  This is a less safe workplace and further for commuters from west London.  
Some senior managers are poor people managers.. Senior management not always consistent, staff moving around teams too often. The pressure of more cases with limited resources. Over reliance on contract staff. Office location is in Stratford which isn’t ideal personally. Right next to the shopping centre and West Ham Stadium so can get very busy! Salaries could be better.. Working in Stratford is not good; very hierarchical structure, limited opportunity for progression (and promotions are not awarded on merit); poor management as a whole. Poor management in enforcement and market oversight. The leadership team has been more focused on building their own empires or personal profiles than delivering value to the FS industry or creating a positive working environment for employees (back stabbing and in-fighting in ExCo is visible and commonplace). And until the CEO is either appointed governor of the Bank of England (or not) this looks unlikely to change.
The Strategy & Competition division seems particularly toxic with poor coordination and masses of duplication of effort.. D&i is a joke. Poor people management. Supervisors and management
Work balance
Shift work. The external human resource agent needs to improve its efficiency.. Lots of employees don’t know how good they have it
Quite slow on decision making. Low salaries and therefore low talent retention however the organisation attempt to offset this with great employee benefits.. Nothing bad abt the company. Performance evaluation system should be more objective and fair. Stratford  is not a good location for offices. No cons for working at the FCA. Some teams have limited promotion prospects. not interesting work and very bad comp. no real career progression and you get very little out of the whole experience. New Stratford location not as central as Canary Wharf which can have negative impact on commuting for some employees.. Progression beyond senior Associate can be hard. Salary is not competitive for the industry.. despite it being a huge org, it can be difficult to switch across departments due to specific experience/knowledge being required. More time to embed change before moving onto new initiatives.. Very corporate.

NVM system is ludicrous.

Expected to work fairly robotically.

A LOT of training (roughly 8 weeks).

Progression is very slow unless you’re naturally gifted in the financial sector, in which managers respect you more than those that are not.. Location, level of  bureaucracy. The FCA doesn't do a good job of retaining our most talented people.
My line manager doesn't provide feedback which helps me improve my performance.
Some people are overpaid and a lot of them are not paid fairly for the work they do.. Face has to fit - lots of 'yes' people who need a spine transplant
Poor pay and progression
Obsessed with being PC about everything. bad culture, low morale, unfair bonuses. Tyrannical managers flourish and drive away great employees
Some managers don't have a clue what the work involves so struggle to allocate  workloads
Favouritism is sickening and senior management appear indifferent to the bullying of employees by middle management
Staff treated as disposable so high turnover/staff shortages add to the intensity/workloads
Large number of middle managers bso easy to hide and not be accountable 
Open plan layout noisy and quiet area not respected/not big enough. Treated like school kids. Management only care about SLA and not the wellbeing of their employees. Favouritism is obvious and progression opprtunities are given to those who don’t deserve it. Bonuses are given out with no clear structure and they basically want you to die on the phones with zero breaks in between calls, but wouldn’t give you a pay rise. 2 minutes wrapping up and you’ll get a tap on the shoulder to take another call. Really pressurised as it’s not a normal contact centre, we are expected to know compliance stuff with low pay and not treated like human beings. In time you feel imprisonated in the FCA.  Would not recommend anyone to work at the contact centre here. There is a reason why there is a high staff turnover here because people are unhappy with the work and the way they are treated. You literally see people come and go like a revolving door.. Career progression, each department or team is so different, if you're the best out of an average bunch then you'll shine and be rewarded otherwise you could try harder in a different area but you'll constantly fall by the waist side. I just think management should recognise this when deciding on appraisals but I'm sure it won't change as its the structure and HR policy, you're benchmarked against your peers in your team or department even if others are industry experts and you're not. So it's fine if you're ready to rise to the challenge and constantly be ready for knock backs (in some areas) but not so fine if you're more of a wall flower.. Wish the pay was a bit higher. Progression can be slow and not always linked to performance; pay is OK but could be better in order to compete with industry better. Their promises of a work/life balance completely misleading; politics run rampant - so much posturing, positioning, jockeying for favour, building fiefdoms.. Stratford not as nice as canary wharf. Stratford office is a nightmare, tech failings never get solved, the immediate environment is a shambles.. At times difficult to progress.. Level of pay needs to be reviewed. Can be overly bureaucratic
Pay progression is broken. Behind the krypton factor style interview process and reputation that it simply does not deserve. The Contact Center is a mess of a place. Driven by poor policy, unrealistic targets, A waiting to retire class of management and a very noticeable contempt for its workforce.  It promises you a starting point to the world of regulations with a shining career guiding by forward-thinking processes, people and systems. 
This, however, is far from reality. For the first six to twelve months you will be judged by every little thing you do. This is supposed to be helpful to “guide” you to improving yourself but mostly comes off as your not good at your job.

Beyond this point you will just be over worked and leave the place exhausted wanting to talk to no one. Days can seem unfairly balanced as a lot of experienced people leave (Usually out of disgust) leaving the dwindling experienced staff to pick up the rest. This is never recognized by the management who just expect this to an unreasonable degree.

Management from HOD down have a real contempt for there workforce. Barely giving a thought to how their actions, changes and new implementations of systems have on the workers taking the calls and emails. You will feel like they don’t care, and they really don’t, mental health in the contact center is at an all time low not helped by a mostly absent manager and a cold uncaring phone team manager.
They will also treat your time like its free to them, they never really tell you that you can be stuck on a call way after 5 and you’re not allowed to leave that call until finished, there have been cases where someone was on the phone until 6:30. This however is never rewarded or considered so if the next day you come in late by 5 mins they take it out of your lunch time. 
In the case of racist, abusive callers the management will always take the side of the caller never the agent. In some cases, being racist or abusive will get you through to the management of the contact center and they will then take your case forward from there.

There is a strange paradox with the contact center management. They seem to think the more they get paid the less they have to deal with. In my previous contact with them, there was an exasperated “what can I do I’m only the manager”.. lower pay compared to industry. 
Low technical ability
Stratford. Favoritism, bullying, harassment, torture, penalised, old fashioned, sexism. Do not expect HR to provide any support. Do not expect grievance/appeals to be upheld. Can take such a long time to achieve and there's a culture on what might go wrong.. Obsession with corporate jargon 
Internal politics, directors and EAs being a bit self-important at times
Incompetent reorganisation of strategy & competition
Unclear career progression (no one has been able to explain to me the progression from associate to senior associate to technical specialist without being wishy washy)
Stratford is a nightmare to get to (though the office and park are nice)
HR are slow and never answer their phones
Document management system from the stone age. Can be bureaucratic at times. Funding for professional qualifications is now provided only through apprenticeship schemes, provided by a company which was slated by Ofsted for poor work with apprentices. Employees must drop to 4 days per week in order to train, and all training is through an online platform, providing no opportunity to have face to face interaction with a tutor. Apprenticeship schemes also bundle together training in competencies most graduates already have in spades from university: 'communication' and 'presenting' being some examples. Because of this, a 6-month qualification like CFA level 1 now takes 18 months to complete. 
In addition to bad policy, the rollout has also been very poor. HR made the announcement 3 days before the deadline to sign up, forcing many graduates to make a snap decision. I assume this was either deliberately done to blunt criticism, or it's down to HR's incompetence. 
If you want to come to work at a great company and make a difference, and you are not interested in undertaking professional qualifications, then don't let this put you off however, as the effect on people who don't want to do accountancy, CFA, actuarial or other qualifications is non-existent.. Politics, hard to get promoted. No promotion prospects and no pay rises. Managers should get better training to manage their team properly. Many of the middle management (heads of department) are typically very poor people managers, focussed on themselves rather than their staff.  Junior directors (those outside ExCo) in particular are awful, often arrogant and self serving.

Human Resources department serves solely to protect the FCA, not to help the people that work there. 

The FCA is unable to attract senior specialists as they cannot pay the salaries - specialist staff are therefore junior in the grand scheme of things.. BORING people, puritanical culture where people are so socially awkward that they thought the Arnie advert was a good idea. If there is a department social then it is likely that only 3-4/100 people will stay longer than 30 mins. Like with many public sector organisations, be wary of voicing unorthodox opinions.

Mind-boggling incompetence at the middle management level. It is common for a piece of work commissioned for a couple of months to last a year. This happens all the time but no one ever looks at it and pointing it out is a no-no.

Quality of work is so low- all too often a chat with firm senior management and them giving you a funny look is the basis of major punitive action.. The FCA can be quite hypocritical - I firmly believe if we did the same level of checks we conduct on firms we would find shortfalls. The FCA places a huge focus on governance and culture within firms - however within its own culture is poor. There is  favouritism within middle management (something that consistently comes up in staff feedback but never seems to be addressed), lack of good managers who know how to manage people and get the best out of them,  and the FCA says all the right things about diversity and inclusion but the reality of it is very different. I think senior management don't realise that middle management often manage things in a very different way to what is intended. I don't think any of this is intentional, it seems there is a genuine ignorance from some managers about their own behaviour, or unwillingness to accept feedback. 

FCA is also full of red tape. I understand why - it has to be robust in its decision making - but this can mean work is slow to progress. this can be frustrating but it is to be expected. 

New location (Stratford) is really not very pleasant, although the office itself is. 

Lack of transparency about wages - particularly negative for women who have a fear that they may be underpaid (recent results of the FCA's gender pay gap review showed a 21.2% (median) / 18.5% (mean) gender pay gap - the FCA claim this is owning to more females being in junior roles. But without complete transparency about the pay gaps at each grade it has resulted in many women doubting the FCA.. Limited career development for certain specialist roles. Very limited career progression (with some exceptions)
Poor financial rewards relative to equivalent roles in banks
Location
Highly bureaucratic and micromanaging environment. This can be expected with the regulatory territory.. Work is bad with benefits. none at the present time. Poor career progression
Weak Human Resources team who set policies rather than guide management on getting the best from people
Internal candidates who are successful in getting another role are paid less than advertised external rates
People managers at the FCA for the most part don't have any people management skills and/or experience. no progression also passive agressive. Location - Stratford - so busy, high crime, difficult to get to
Limited career progression
Lack of benefits to those below Management level
Lack of diversity at senior level
Employees opinions are not listened to. Location

Unclear career progression routes

Poor line mgmt. Poor technical skills in management, people management is hit and miss. It’s a big place and things aren’t always as efficient as they could be. Lots of layers of approvals for even small things and too much micromanagement by ExCo members who want to see and approve everything under their remit. Some of this is necessary due to the importance of ensuring as a regulator that the FCA’s work and messaging is properly controlled. But some is way out of proportion on small items like simple letters. However, at associate level one expects to need management approval for one’s work so it’s easier to bear. Once in management it becomes more frustrating as very little is left in middle management hands to truly oversee independently.. some departments don't have enough scope for progression. Internal promotion means you start at the bottom of the next salary band and there is little chance of moving up the band
Parts of the work culture can be frustrating. Front line supervision is slowly getting replaced by long, expensive 'thought pieces'.. Chaos,  lack of clarity on ownership, cold climate, lack of importance with regards to improving skill set. Low salary (Public Sector obviously) , weak growth opportunities. Internal progression and promotion is extremely difficult due to lack of interest by the managerial community. I seriously think no one cares if you are on top of everything, if you want recognition, respect, and a  promotion you are forced to look elsewhere! Extremely long serving members of the organisation means there is a lack of team dynamics in some departments with very traditional perspectives (borderline offensive, discriminatory) and uninteresting ideas. Management sometimes are too scared to address behavioural issues instead concerns gets swept under the carpet. 

The HR department is a disappointment. It is extremely difficult to get ownership for HR queries/concerns.. Not much salary hikes low market level. Frustrating career progression, based on vacancies and always open to external candidates
Lower pay
Things take time, your project may last a full year or more and becomes your life. Lack of progression prospects. Lower than market pay and little chance of a pay-rise. Expectations are often very high and hours can be long. Poor, uninspiring management, who have no clue how to speak to staff, or motivate them. Lots of politics,  Stratford! Lots of time and money wasted on projects and initiatives that really don’t add any value or come to any conclusions. High staff turnover.. none that I can think of.. Pros and Cons Depends upon Project to Project. Very difficult to negotiate with pay. Low salary compared to industry 
Career progression next to zero. Non-existant work-life balance in the corporate servcies department. Other departments are apparently very different (and better).. processing can be very slow.. slow decision making, hierarchical and lots of internal politics. the pay is low in comparison to the industry and bonuses are based on whether your manager likes you. Bureaucratic at times. Lots of middle management. Paid less than other FS jobs, progression can be slow. For me it was the commute. Stratford, flat structure and vast pay bands, lack of agility (cumbersome decision making). Length of time it takes to get decisions made
Stratford?????. Could be more opportunity for progression.. poor management, lack of opportunities, lack of staff development. equipment out of date. There are few things that fca can do well.
Don’t Listen to staff
Only selective staff can work from home (felixaeble working- they need to stop saying this)
Career development - not in this firm. Why do you hire people from out and you don’t promoted people within the firm.
High turn over in staff 
Lack of training 
No Pay increase and bounce does not reflects on long hours and lots of work
Don’t appraise on the hard work you do. Micro managed, expected to deal with very stressful and emotive calls, feel like “big brother” is watching you all the time. Pay lower them private sector, rubbish IT systems that make Contact Centre work even more difficulty.  Expected to get in good 15 mins before start time and often have to stay after your finishing time as get stuck on a call both of which you are not paid for.. MICRO MANAGEMENT!!!!! It was like being in school (primary school)
For the amount of work, pressure and stress you go through, the salary is nowhere near good enough.
You get told off for coming a few minutes late, but never get appreciated for staying back after for a LONG time because you get caught on a call (no overtime pay)
You get quality assured (QA'd) by your team leaders (most of whom have never taken a call themselves) - they're extremely harsh when they check and usually ends to people being dismissed.
Every single thing you do is monitored on a system called NVM. You are monitored from the moment you log on to your system. If you need to go to the toilet, you need to change your status, for breaks, lunch, ANYTHING you need to change your status. 
When the service levels are low, team leaders put immense pressure to get people back on the phone e.g. short lunches, short breaks, starting earlier, leaving later and don't bother going on the phones themselves.
Once you're trained to be on the phone, they barely ever give you time to develop yourself, learn other roles within the contact centre and always cancel/delay training so promotion is delayed by months/years.
Staff turnover is extremely high!!! People join and they leave. The contact centre are ALWAYS recruiting, why do you think that is?!. Slow progression
Paid far less than market. Hierarchicial and bureaucratic in parts, not as agile as would like to be.. Progression beyond Senior Associate can be hard. Staff are placed at the bottom of the pay band when moving up a grade, even if they perform in excess of this.  It is difficult to achieve a meaningful salary increase unless you wait for many years.. The new building in Stratford is amazing. But Stratford is still Stratford. Luckily you can mostly go to the building from the station through Westfield.. Poor attitudes by some members of staff, not willing to go beyond basic requirements. Frustrating internal governance. Sometimes can be clicky. You got to know the right people to be heard.. The roll out of new technology will certainly be welcome. - Poor career opportunities for internal people. Slow decisions, challenging stakeholders, career progression. Slow career progression, and limited reward above base salary. The old tech (which is being phased out, see above).
Pretty process-heavy. Even senior leaders recognise the organisation has too many internal sign-offs and could be much quicker. I wouldn’t expect it to be that long before this is addressed, even if it might take a while to change fully.. Salary is bad
Too much work for one assistant
Assistants with the right face will get better pay than the ones who are more professional
Shoddy computer programmes
Bad processes
Annoying to watch people work less get more money
Annoying to watch lots of other staff googling their life away
HR is really poor and interviews for roles are over the top. As long as you can talk the talk you get the role over someone who can actually do the job,. Managers (sometimes) help staff progress.. Can be bureaucratic, slow to make decisions and too many meetings. If they can put a process in, they will! Also there has been a lot of change recently (and continuing) in approach to our work, focus and values, location of our offices and even the technology and people may be starting to get jaded with it all.. HR is all process with little of duty of care to staff.  The governance of the market is the same attitude applied to staff. allocated to perform a senior role, however have never been successful to secure the role I have been doing. Progression path isn't very clear.. As regulator, cannot work beyond this boundary. Difficult to progress when working part-time. Salary is low compared to industry. Office moving to Stratford.. Governance overly heavy and overbearing. Weak Management
Open Favouritism
Lacks diversity 
Little transparency
Constant changes in priorities. Pay scales vs private co
Bureacracy. A real lack of 'go-getters' in some parts of the company. It's often very obvious that you're working in a quasi public sector company with people reluctant to make decisions and take ownership.
Office moving to Stratford.
Limited career opportunities.. Difficult to get promoted in the EMO Department.. The travelling can be long to Canary Wharf. Will be moving location to Stratford during 2018 which may or may not be beneficial. Low incentives; lack of salary increase. - No help in career development 
- Good opportunities are given only to those who play along with management 
- After a year the work becomes mundane and there is no challenge 
- No consistency in work processes and training 
- Other departments look down on you 
- Slow in innovation and fixing issues. Minimal progression opportunities. Wasn’t prepared to sacrifice my integrity by “playing the game”. 
Pay is atrocious.
So-called “Academy” is a complete waste of time and effort.. Flat hierarchy and low attrition means internal progression is slow and can be bias towards external candidates depending on the division
Often frustrating to just get the job done: a lot of bureaucracy at every stage. Lack of decision making sometimes makes it difficult to make things happen.. Teams are often driven by their own agendas and objectives, a more collaborative approach of working is required to achieve greater success.  Roles and organisational  reporting lines are generally flat which can limited opportunities to progress.. There needs to be clearer lines of responsibilities between the pay grades (often Reg B's are doing Reg C work  etc. with no reward or recognition)

People management is varied across the organisation 

There is a clear message from management to help career development but in practice management don't encourage staff.

HR  - good luck to anyone in the recruitment process. I had to complete 300 words, 1 case study and 3 interviews for an internal lateral move! #excessive. 

There is no consistency across the FCA

We often hold firms to account for poor governance/oversight/systems and controls/accountability etc. but fail to implement the same standards internally.. Lots of empty promises
Very poor remuneration- even for public sector
Progression much harder if you’re not a white middle class male 
No transparency around pay
Impending move from Canary Wharf to Stratford. Difficult to move jobs - competence based interviews, assessments - there seems to be little value placed on potential, experience or performance in current role.. Not many but could do more on the diversity front.. Limited promotions and face has to fit once you get more senior. Salaries and headcount are restricted more and more. The move to Stratford is not liked by the majority of staff.. Reg As doing the same work as Reg Bs and Reg Cs and not being appropriately rewarded for this.

Confused risk appetite - measures have been implemented in an attempt to improve consistency. Unfortunately we now have a number of guides to assist case officers which don't always marry with each other i.e. one guide will categorise the firm's risk to our objectives on one set of criteria and another guide will categorise the firm on a different set of criteria, each with different results. 

A number of long time associates who resist any fresh input and work to undermine newer associates and managers. 

Managers openly undermining each other. 

Tiresome relationship with supervision - often feels like we're on opposite teams. 

It is too difficult to refuse authorisation to firms - the hurdles are too high. It often feels like you are pushing firms to improve processes with nothing to threaten them with if they refuse. 

Silly amounts of administration to close a case - renaming of all emails, recording of risk category, checklists, case notes, manual email confirmations etc.

Director who doesn't seem to have a clue about how difficult the work is on the ground, just wants results!. Lack of consistency across departments and even teams, poor talent management, difficult to progress within your own department. Limited access to career growth. Low base salary and difficult progression if you’re not placed in the right team at the outset. Management has changed so hopefully for the best in terms of giving opportunities to younger employees. Poor leadership and management within BTS.  It will be interesting to see if this changes with the new CIO, however, we have senior managers and managers who if they were working in large Corporations, would have been removed by now.  There is too much micro management and old style approaches that you can feel constrained.. Training and development facilities - which they are in the process of improving. Can be a political beast, and some strange decisions are made.  Progression is also difficult. A hierarchical structure means decision making is made up the tree with limited executive power for senior associates. Joining process took forever!. Low salaries, low recognition of work. Pay rises very limited, even when progressing upwards in a role or moving internally.  Lots of bureaucracy.. Too much process, tendency to navel gaze, can be difficult to get decisions made, poor IT systems.  Upcoming relocation to Stratford is controversial for some staff.. flat structure makes it hard to get promoted, senior management not particularly qualified. Salary doesn't match workload.
Experience doesnt automatically mean promotion and expertise, unless it's technical, isn't recognised. An overly reliant idea that in order to excel you need to be a public speaker. Doing the job at times doesn't seem like it's enough when it comes to interim and annual reviews.. none so far as i am really early into my graduate program. - Lack of diversity from Manager grade upwards,
- Role is pigeon holed, and no insight into other divisions,
- Silos
- Processes and procedures are constantly changing, without consideration for long term embedding or waiting for last process to be implemented
- Move to Stratford.. Pay, really bad technology, takes forever to move around the building (lifts), don’t deal with under performance (weight of work tends to fall on a few good people). Occasionally bureaucratic 
Quiet periods between major cases
IT systems could do with update, but apparently in the pipeline as part of the move to Stratford.. - terribly bureaucratic
- poor managers generally lacking in people skills that have very long tenure
- lack of empowerment
- very skilled and talented people often under utilised so they leave
- general lack of industry experience means you get "experts" within industry sectors who have never worked in industry and lack commerciality
- senior management value those that are "talking the fca language" over genuine talent creating an internal bias. I do not have any. Management and leadership is very poor, overly bureaucratic and managers are not empowered to make decisions. The actual experience does not match the rhetoric in terms of career development opportunities. The organisation does not act in a way that shows it values and wants to retain experienced employees. The career structure does not allow for meaningful progression of people with technical expertise who do not want to be people managers.
The open plan environment without adequate quiet space is not conducive to concentration on the technical issues that the work demands. People are often subject to unreasonable workloads so that work life balance is not possible.. This is an organisation that doesn’t value staff. Senior management are incredibly poor quality and go out of their way to blame junior staff for their own failings. In addition, the benefits are poor and working conditions aren’t as good as they think they are.

The organisation is constantly talking about changing itself but senior management are incapable of this - and appoint people who are incapable of this.

Staff development and progression is poor. They constantly talk about the training they provide - however this is focused on the senior management.. Bureaucratic
Lack of career progression
Political
No consultation regarding move to Stratford. Like many  government departments there can  be a tendency to seek decisions by  committee  rather than an individual basis although that is a minor point.. Lack of progression and talent management leading to high attrition rates and loss of talented staff. Not much progression , pay increase etc. very low salary raise, no automatic career opportunities. In order to be promoted employee must to open positions.. Dont wanna move to stratford. Often a political and extremely bureaucratic environment.  Can be extremely slow to progress work though multiple governance layers.. There are few down sides unless you look very hard to try to find the negative.. It can be challenging to innovate and deliver with pace due to a low risk appetite, committee-led decision making and lots of bureaucracy. Social diversity can be improved in certain business areas but know this is something resourcing is working on. Old fashioned
Heavily political
Must know the "right" people. Middle management is full of careerists and they are constantly in meetings but actually have no ability to manage staff as all decisions taken at senior levels
Governance process is exhaustingly slow
There is no reward or talent management strategy at all
Silo mentality very bad in some areas. It is very demotivating that subject matter experts are banned from presenting on their work externally - unless they are at Head of Department level or above.

More generally the regulator is incredibly inward focused - easily 90% of my work is inward looking and there is very little reflection in the organisation about whether this is the right approach. 

The Governance process is atrocious. From the moment a subject matter expert knows what they need to do, it usually takes a month to formalise the decision and another month to put it in writing. 

Seniors' time is so scarce it is impossible to benefit from their knowledge and experience. 

The organisation has an amazing ability to waste employee time - months' worth of work can be binned overnight.. Challenging culture, can be slow to get things moving, lots of committees and everyone wants to have a say
Some of the basics don't work well; wifi, conference calls, toilets. ... but improvement promised with the move to  Stratford next year.. Sometimes people are too wrapped up in their job and their view to seek help and give support elsewhere.
Has a strong silo culture, sometimes even in departments. Overall it seems to be known to be an issue but tackling it will be challenging.. work load and salary not the best. * It is difficult to get promoted - when more senior vacancies arise, there is a great deal of competition for the places, which can leave you pretty disappointed.
* Further, promotions are not merit-based - you are promoted based on how visible you are. So, you can have no idea what you're doing, but as long as you *behave* the right way and do lots of extra (but meaningless) project work, you'll go far.
* The organisation often confuses 'judgements' with 'opinions' - failing to recognise the need to get a sound evidence base before reaching a judgement.
* The move to Stratford in April 2018 is significant, but it doesn't feel as though management are recognising these concerns.
* Getting people to make a decision is painful - everything has to be deferred to a committee.. Management promote in their own image. - Lack of transparency
- Lack of accountability
- Lack of trust
- Very difficult to get an answer sometimes, you often have to go through several channels of communications to get an answer when in fact speaking to that one person will get you the answer straight away.
- Too bureaucratic
- Move to Stratford
- Politics get in the way too often to get things done
- Some rules tend to only apply for Managers and not at all / very limited to direct reports.
- Not many opportunities to move up. Limited career progression. Most tend to be sideways moves which prove no benefit to personal development, so you end up doing the same thing for several years
- Antiquated IT systems
- Not making use of the right people with the right skills from internal candidates.. The performance bonus program is not consistently applied and varies widely from manager to manager and team to team. Progression and career development opportunities are plentiful until associate to manager level and above.. zero training or development; treated as 'just' a paralegal; no respect; work entirely unchallenging; career progression to rigid; terrible pay; stunted by politics;. not everyone is passionate about their work. The HR competency framework makes it impossible for talented associates to make management as there are always questions which you can only demonstrate competency in if you have recent management experience. Other organisations rate your potential not your actual experience, as such lots of talented staff leaving and replacements may not be as good but somehow have an external management job title allowing them to tick the box.. Senior directors need to understand teamwork. They spend too much time following their own individual agendas and not enough time working towards a shared agenda.. Culture
Lack of pay rise
No career progression
Performance is rewarded based on profile of work. - pay - pay-rises non existent (much less than 1%pa so negotiate hard before you accept), bonuses shrinking
- lip-service to flexibility - depends on manager, career development impossible - middle management poor
- pay
- move to Stratford. Bureaucratic
Slow decision making process
Limited opportunity for career advancement. Sluggish culture in some areas.. Under new leadership it feels more like a government agency and continues to move that direction - for example new roles like Private Secretary have appeared all over  and there is a lot more effort in trying to please politicians and parliament rather than be an arms length and independent body.. Bureaucratic. Equal Opportunities lacking. When compared to equivalent work in the private industry the pay is not particularly good. The chance for significant promotions is limited.. Pace of delivery can be stalled by the requirement to satisfy multiple stakeholder demands.  
I've not found it easy to make friends at work; I think this is a balance of colleagues being "heads down", taking their work seriously and being too polite to share a view that might offend.. Too many silos and a few too many middle managers have been over promoted.. Advertises itself as having flexible working, however this is very much on a the discretion of the line manager and will vary greatly depending on where you are in the organisation

Low salary compared to the rest of industry for similar role types. You can get stuck doing the same thing for several years.. A clique environment. A lot of time is wasted on too much governance.. Graduate associates are treated differently across the organisation, with some teams holding them in high regard whilst others simply use them as cheaper labour / support staff. Can be highly demotivating if you end up in one of the latter teams as a grad. 

Pay & reward considerations vary wildly between departments / divisions. Equal work is not equally remunerated and will depend on which part of the organisation you find yourself in.. Difficult progression within the company. The move to Stratford in 2018 has caused a lot of upheaval 
Good people often leave for private practice as the salaries aren't competitive. Too bureaucratic;
Departments and divisions do not interact with each other;
Reactive rather than proactive;
IT systems are antiquated;
The amount of work and gap in salary between team members and managers is hugely disproportionate;. Although good at developing people, very limited opportunity to put that development into practice. Management appear terrified of their own staff making decisions, resulting in a highly bureaucratic, micro-management culture. Initiative is stifled by endless unproductive meetings. Where ideas are escalated they generally disappear into a black hole of management indecisiveness. Pay is not great and the only real means of increase is via promotion, but promotion is difficult to achieve due to large numbers of long serving, middle management deadwood.. Too many silo's for everything to be effective. Management need to listen more to staff concerns more, long hours culture.. Very bureaucratic, too many meetings. Because the organisation is so diverse the various departments and divisions vary in their approach to staff.  Get into the wrong division, and development and interest in staff can be severely limited.  Certain divisions need to freshen up their managers.. Unrealistic targets and tight deadlines.. The structure in some areas is quite flat and can mean development into management can be slow.. Decision making can be slow. The salary - a £20K+ adrift of what you could get in private sector
A sometimes unhelpful attitude towards regulated firms. A lot of Supervisors struggle to decipher the Handbook (and often rely on FCA general counsel for assistance), yet are reluctant to share this insight with firms. Remember what the statutory objectives are trying to achieve..
Some excellent people, but a lot of 'career regulator' deadwood - especially in the London office (Edinburgh office has excellent staff). 
Red tape. No incentive to improve anything. Bloated organisation. Difficult to progress without playing the game.. There is limited career progression. Many employees have to spend time in the industry before returning to the FCA to progress. Pay is obviously lower than the private sector.. Poor HR department; incompetent on boarding team, lack of support. Process orientated that fails to consider the impact of incessant record keeping which had limited benefit on the outcomes of the organisation. Teams don't operate well together and there is limited information sharing which makes supervision difficult. There is a lack of external focus on what the likely response is to interventions.. No real responsibility, autonomy or decision making powers, can feel at times like a glorified well paid administrator
If you are a experienced financial services professional, you are at risk of de-skilling as generally Management are not interested in your previous experiences
Managers and HoDs are obsessed with being over-briefed and not wanting to be unsighted on anything usually related to backside covering. - Political
- Difficult to get decisions 
- Pace can be frustratingly slow at times. The impending move to Stratford isn't very popular.
The environment is becoming more political particularly following huge turnover of staff at senior levels over the last 18 months or so. It is very very difficult to get promoted hence a lot of great mid- junior people leave .. No one takes any responsibility or ownership.  General lack of direction as to where the organisation is going or where it should be.. My particular area was very poorly led, with micromanagement and chaos the order of the day. This is in no way symptomatic of the organisation as a whole, but is true in areas.. Not enough opportunities outside of Authorisations department. Move to Stratford is a terrible idea that was thrust upon us with no consultation. No pay rise for majority of employees in years.. Management has too much discretion. This leads to arbitrariness. This leads to unfair decisions... Almost no career progression possible.
65% of staff got no pay rise at all (ZERO) in 2016.
Dreadful old-fashioned management structure means anybody below HoD or Manager (including so-called Technical Specialists) is largely ignored. 
Proposed move to Stratford is a disaster already unfolding.. Bureaucratic, hierarchical, lack of recognition of experience, and no career development. Was freezing cold on the day and spilt tea down myself so wasn't very happy. Bureaucratic, 1950s culture, senior management a continued moving feast, and hence little or no direction, meeting and 'write a paper' culture, endless governance meetings with little or no value add, Turgid.. Location senior management make too many structural changes. Can be too bureocratic
Internal rifts between divisions can make collaborative working difficult
Many people who have worked there a long time have developed a public sector mentality which impedes changes to improve efficiency or challenge the status quo- but it is trying to change by recent appointments of directors with industry background
Depending on where you work it can be difficult to progress
HR is among the worst I've experienced. Too much change and restructuring. 
Commericial and practice experience is not valued.
Retention of experienced and key staff does not seem to  be a priority.
Technology is a generation behind Tier 1 banks.
Lack of understanding of finance to the level that I would expect.. The entire organisation is stymied by unnecessary bureaucracy and too little autonomy is given to, what are largely, competent employees. The leadership suffers from verbosity and much of the internal communication is irrelevant or propaganda. The forthcoming office move to Stratford is widely unpopular and the high level of staff turnover is getting worse as a consequence. Repeated reorganisation is tiresome and many staff are disengaged with whatever the new initiative might be.. There's a lot to do and lots of 'processes'.  Money is tight.  Building infrastructure is poor but the move to Stratford should resolve this.. Rampant cronyism
Poor Team leaders who spend more time blaming you than fixing the issues
Poor overall management with poor communication between staff, team leaders and management.
Vindictive attitude to staff (Micro aggression, Micromanagement and Gas lighting)
Poor career progression and utilisation of talents with staff that leads to dead end feeling or finding others promoted or utilised without clear reason.
Care and concern of the mental and physical welling of the staff is sadly lacking and shows a major lack of empathy leading to escalations of issues in the workplace, this turns a already busy and stressful environment into a hostile one.
Staff are treated like a burden that the FCA needs to whip into shape but there is no end to this and you will quickly find that your always wrong by default. This leads to never feeling like you have achieved something even after many years.
Training is inconsistent both in information and distribution. meaning different information is passed to new people but is never trickled down to older staff.. Pay has not kept up with the times; horribly bureaucratic; very difficult to progress your career if you work hard and you are ambitious; current structure means that half the building works very hard and the other half barely work 9-5. - Very process driven and bureaucratic. I have never known such inefficiency!
- There is a culture where people avoid making decisions and do not want to take responsibility.
- Poor calibre management; very few managers have the ability to actually manage staff
- There is a lack of trust within the organisation, resulting in staff being inappropriately micro managed. This is exceptionally demotivating and shows how the organisation lacks quality management. Emotional intelligence is an afterthought when recruiting managers; its all about being highly articulate and technical!
- Inefficient, unreliable IT systems that are not fit for purpose.
- HR is unprofessional. Too much red tape and process driven. Very stressful, bad management, no career progression. Pay, moving to stratford, interview process. I personally feel the salary is good but I can imagine the way that pay rises work can be quite frustrating after a number of years here. You can achieve pay rises through promotions but everyone has a limit to how much they can progress and outside of this getting a rise if frustrating. Each year there is a pot and i think around only 25-30% of staff receive a rise (which is also usually quite small). So if you don't progress and you are more likely not to get a rise it can probably be quite frustrating to sense the lack of salary progressions, particularly against inflation and increases in the cost of living.. Lengthy governance
Too many Powerpoints
Not enough toolset integration
Internal candidates & recommendations seem to be treated worse than external candidates
Limited natural advancement opportunities
Public sector means that it's not the best paid but they do try their best. management can be quite poor and they do not treat their people as individuals, way way too much process and a lot of people requireing pointless changes merely to justify their own positions.  the requirment to produce copious amounts of detailed documents that no-one will read. Very poor management in areas, for example managing responsibilities bestowed onto associates when they haven't been adequately prepared.

Feels very hierarchical at times, some divisions feel superior to others.

Complacency not being challenged adequately even though management recognises it as an issue. Almost impossible to get sacked.. Lack of private sector dynamism and frequent changes to senior anagement. Tough interview, promotion leap difficult. None about company other than journey was a little strained at times. By its nature, the FCA is bureaucratic, politically charged and risk adverse. Lots of reporting upwards, little delegated authority and autonomy.. Terrible management and poor career progression.. Salary & Status do not set the world alight. - Junior and senior management: they have absolutely no clue on how to manage, communicate, nurture and develop talent. They are severely lacking in technical knowledge yet are paid more than double than associates. People management and coaching skills are non-existent, preferring to resort to micromanagement to compensate for their personal and professional insecurities within their role. They block opportunities and hinder progression at every step and do not have the ability to reinforce nor reward positive behaviour. Progression and opportunities are dished out based on favouritism rather than meritocracy. All of this is leading to an increasing amount of frustration within associates and contributing to a very high rate of attrition within the customer contact centre. 

- Opportunities such as shadowing and secondments are blocked and it is hard to progress (unless you're a sycophant)

- Salary should be more considering the nature of the role and output of work. very political and slow career development. Massively red taped, no room for flexibility. The management is solely focused on hitting 'SLA' to reach the desired outcome when answering calls or responding to correspondence. The management forgets about logical factors such as developing staff knowledge, providing room for promotion, providing room for equal opportunity. The team leaders possess the behaviours of retail managers in the sense of micro managing, pulling up staff for petty things such as toilet breaks, being late to work for 2 minutes but not seeing that the person takes a lesser lunch time or leaves late, not being competent to take ANY calls but yet are deemed fit to quality assess the same calls. There is a tendency to treat the contact centre as any other without paying due regard to organisation and the fact the contact centre is not a typical call centre but which needs re branding and a complete overhaul in terms of management. The contact centre should be the central hub for the FCA for all information and knowledge, this is where the department should be aiming to achieve, but instead it has become a department with an extremely high staff turnover which results in more than half of the department being newbies who require a solid 6 months worth of training to learn all the technical knowledge that's required for the role. There are also part timers now - and to be fair if i was a firm i would not trust calling the contact centre but would assist third party compliance help. There are close friends of mine who are feeling depressed and angry whilst working there and no one should ever feel that way but the management and head of department are too blind to see that. As a whole the head of department needs to be replaced, and so does the senior manager. Someone needs to come in and re shape and re brand the whole department and work towards retaining talented individuals who have the appetite to learn and become regulatory technical experts.. Lots of meetings - it's a very hierarchical place with lots of committees and levels of management. It can be hard to find your feet and learn the 'language' and 'customs'. Promotions don't really exist. If you want to progress you'll have to be willing to network and be proactive about applying for more senior roles.

Bonuses aren't always as performance based as they should be and can simply reflect how well you and your manager get on.

You may get a great manager, or you may get a bad one, it's a bit of pot luck. This applies across the board, and you do get a mix of really talented people with some real drifters who are happy to just coast.. The Team Leaders and senior managers are the most uneducated illiterate people in the organisation. Progress is dependant on favouritism.. Constantly under political pressure and pressure for business making it almost completely ineffective at regulating financial markets

Line managers with no management experience and promoted according to popularity and not tangible results or work done, 

Talking shop - managers publicly promote strong culture but behind closed doors are vicious to staff while using 'good culture'' as an excuse to pay staff poorly. Bullying culture
Poor Senior Management
Poor office environment
Blame culture, lack of support for individuals. There are more pros than cons but I suppose I will say that getting the right mix of contract and Permy staff is key to knowledge retention.. Too process heavy and at times too bureaucratic. Diversity is an issue with a lack of opportunities for staff of ethnic minorities.. High staff turnover leading to lack of continuity on longer running investigations.. Management at the contact centre - Appaling. Salary could be higher - many good people leave for higher salaries in industry. Pension is ok, but not great. All in all though, not many cons.. Travel hard - expenses high not reimbursed.. Slow moving on internal innovation. Reward is not always proportionate to the outputs you may produce. Salary could be improved, but is mitigated by a good work life balance.. Huge pay disparity between those externally hired and those who have worked at FCA and got promoted internally. People coming in from PRA, with skills roughly on par to mine are coming in at salaries 15-25K higher than mine. Seriously, people are grossly underpaid. If this were across the board, it would be slightly more forgiving, but they are willing to splash out a shedload of money on pointless things like millions of pounds for legal fees when they mess up or to hire external consultants and pay them double the pay to do something for which there is internal expertise.

Promotions and higher performance ratings seem to be biased towards British white males. (I have heard other female minorities also express this view, so I am not the only one who feels this way) I have seen very mediocre people get paid a ton of money just to coast. Coincidence or no coincidence, they are all British, white and male. Like it or not, there seems to be a double standard, as we are held to a much higher standard, perhaps because many of us don't play politics or talk about football and buy rounds at pubs. It is slightly better in some research departments, where there is more diversity, and the teams tend to be more international. 

They really treat foreign employees poorly. It is the only employer in financial services that doesn't pay for tier 2 visas.. Salaries are low and opportunities for advancement are limited.. Very bureaucratic. Salaries and bonuses poor relative to industry. Poor salary
Promotion is based a lot on how well you get on with your manager and not on merit
Salary freezes common
No opportunities to progress. Junior managers lack training, you can get a good one, but there are some utter fools who should never have been allowed into management. Canary Wharf is an OK working environment but Stratford where they are moving to is a tip and can be dangerous too. 
Management also tend to look too much at firms where they won't find problems, which lets too many rogues off.. Be aware that if you are hired as a "Reg B" under the expectation that you will receive a promotion to Reg C within a year that this will not happen unless you move departments. Even then, you will only receive a pay rise of up for 10%. Annual Bonuses are largely 7-10% of salary (so take the "up to 25% bonus" claim with a pinch of salt - only 5% of staff receive this).
The FCA is notorious for hiring people under the pay grade they are entitled to.
There has been no annual pay rise of more than 2% for the last 5 years, with just 1% this year (not guaranteed).
There is next to no budget for team events with just £100 per head, per year.
There is a culture of complacency across the organisation broken up only by a selection of competent managers. Most people who are hired become weighed down by the cynicism of long standing employees who are unhappy about their salaries but unwilling to leave. The FCA takes the attitude that good staff are replaceable because it knows it will find someone equally experienced to join it who will accept a low salary. This is demotivating for all staff. 
The FCA completely fails to get rid of under performing employees and panders to them which is increasingly frustrating.. Chance to progress can be stiffled. Long internal application lead times. Some poor management decisions in recent times including internal House View process.. -work restrained to a given topic
-cons of a large organisation (not much exposure to work of other divisions). Travelling to Canary Wharf using tube / dlr can be difficult, especially in rush hour when it's very busy 

Building is getting old, will move soon to new building in Stratford, not the most exciting part of London in my view

During some training sessions I noticed that people in some other divisions of the FCA know less about finance / seem less educated, there does appear to be some grunt work in certain parts of the organisation. 

Lots of older employees and serious types, this is a plus for me because I like learning from experienced people but definitely not the place for someone who wants to party with their colleagues

Political interference, tends to end up being blamed for things

Tarnished reputation during financial crisis

Squeezed budgets. The pay could be better.  Pay increases and bonuses are generally not great.  Over the last few years the organisation has become a bit of a political plaything.. Sometimes excessive governance, political interference. Salary is considerably less than in industry and although the work life balance is good, some projects have been very intense and complex and this can lead to employees feeling undervalued. Its good to make it clear and plain to perms that contractors are just that - on contract and are only there for x period of time, but sometimes the actual comms around this can be very demotivating to the contractors, especially when it comes as whispers via 3rd parties.. It's a very "if your face fits" organisation. Slow progression and hard to advance within teams. -Not the best salary compared to other roles
-Too much red tape when trying to make decisions. It can be process driven and bureaucratic but if you build strong relationships around the business and know how to navigate it anything is do-able!. Enormous levels of bureaucracy, difficult to move between teams (unless this suits the needs of the project), huge disparity in Managers' knowledgeability ranging from near-Technical Specialist to Project Manager/HR. Staff need to apply for positions to advance, otherwise they'll never get promoted.. Salary is better than civil service but not great, career Progression is okay in some areas (supervision) but terrible in others (enforcement).. Hierarchical decision making and too many silos, with people protecting own areas rather than focusing on priorities. Quite a woolly vision coming from the top of the organisation.. Not enough focus on high quality people management, not convinced this skill is valued.. The pay could be better.. Poor salary compared to the skill and responsibility of the job roles. On the face of it the Bonus scheme seems good (up to 30% of wage), however, this is near impossible to achieve. To reach even 10% bonus is like trying to move mountains. Favouritism definitely plays a part in this too rather than recognising hard work. Pay rise is too subjective and does not follow the progress an Associates makes and the skill levels they have reached. The intended culture is positive and with good intentions, however, the implementation of this fails the objective. My advice if you were to work here would be to not stay too long and plan an exit strategy.. Long decision making process, bureaucratic, limited career progression, high turnover of staff, work facilities not great. Low salary increments & bonus. (Graduates only) If this is your first job after graduating from university and you fail to get experience in Strategy & Competition (the policy, strategy and economics center of the organisation) you may find yourself only suitable for compliance roles upon leaving.. beauracracy - little control of your output.. CEO has his head in the clouds and seems utterly incapable of running an organisation or implementing anything meaningful; reoganisations happen on average every six months - the next one starts before the last one has finished. Change decided by the leadership is never implemented. Promotion at the top layers seems to be driven by politics rather than ability - quite a few directors have been "reorganised" out of the building. At lower levels promotion seems to be based on "time served" rather than ability or performance.

Accountability is almost entirely absent. Decision making is based on consensus which means it takes far too long to happen.  Bureaucracy consumes a huge proportion of resources.  Too many people are focussed on process and arse-covering rather than acheivement of the organisation's objectives.

Central services are literally the worst I have ever seen - HR, Finance, Facilities etc. The lifts must be the worst designed in the whole of London and are an emblem of the endemic incompetence of the organisation as a whole.. People management and HR were hopeless. Too much meaningless bureaucratic tasks. Some managers only worked there until they found a better job. So the work was mostly to make the manager's look good, rather than to achieve the organisation's goal.. Senior Manangement more concerned with personal PR than the good of the organisation. Poor managers are not dealt with which can be stiffling to those reporting to them. I have had a great experience at the FCA but also know others who have had a terrible experience because of who they report to.. Peer ability and commitment is mixed- you need to be in the right team to really be challenged
Internally, highly political. - A lot of bureaucracy (more than I have encountered anywhere else) with the cost to the FCA significantly outweighing the benefit
- Depends on the area but there appears to be an expectation of 'face time' - long hours for the sake of long hours rather than embracing hard work and efficiency in normal hours
- The recruitment process can be very slow at times
- High turnover of staff impacts retention of corporate knowledge 
- Very poor forward planning when staff leave and poor staff retention measures
- The divisions work in silos
- The bonus scheme is a complete farce (while I cannot confirm, it seems like everyone gets a minimum of 7.5%, thereby greatly reducing the FCA's capacity to reward actual high performers). Line management and divisional management poor. Very hierarchical culture you are reminded in very 'subtle' ways where you sit in the organisational chart. Little to no career progression opportunities even when actively seeking. Experienced unconscious bias and micro aggressions.  Very little diversity in management and above.. With it being a government department it can take ages to get things done. - Lack or ability to be promoted 
- long hours. Often risk averse and cumbersom approach taken by management when things require change - exposure to high quality work is really dependant on risk appetite and evolving priorities which can see the work you've been doing for months slide down the pecking order - get paid about 20% less than in industry. As with most organisations of this sort, it can sometimes feel a tad bureaucratic and very process-y. Also it would be daft not to point out that one of the trade-offs for work-life balance is that you're paid less than equivalent roles in the external market.. poor culture and people management. Bureaucracy, pace of change is often slow, LOTS of political games played from Senior Manager level upwards.. Slow growth, Lack of opporunities. - Salary is quite uncompetitive compared to the private sector
- Hard to see where your career develops unless you want to stay there forever
- Overstretched teams owing to: recent redundancies, a lamentably slow hiring/replacement process, and much more work being taken on by the organisation 
- High turnover
- The lifts are a nightmare. Poor management and no leadership
Pay and performance rating not based on merit
Some individuals use it to further their own aims 
Some experience of bullying culture - Directors largely to blame. Very public sector with some idiot in PR keep coming up with core values, or visions (but they need to rhyme, or all begin with the same letter - Capable, Confident, Controversial etc). Full of leaks and politics and if your face fits then you can do well - but if not then forget it. Senior staff have big egos and are no more than unskilled administrators.. Very flat structure with little chance of progression, most people leave for this reason and not many stay beyond a couple of years. Pay average and had many years of zero or below average pay increases.. -poor management
-excessive bureaucracy
-low pay, bonuses and benefits
-low appreciation shown for putting in extra hours
-poor resource management, ie. slow to fill vacancies which results in excessive workload for remaining employees (especially considering compensation etc). Terrible promotion prospects, not enough employment grades.. Poor choice of managers, some of whom clearly need to take courses on managing people. In addition, promotions are not merit-based but based on how long you have been in the company - in other words - get in line! Salaries way below industry standards.. Very poor salaries and benefits for the industry. Fells more like a 1990s local company than the UK's financial regulator.. It gets boring having to open the same can of whoop ass on the same companies all the time!. Senior management are sometimes overly bureaucratic and risk averse.  Progression is not always as efficient as in other organizations and internal moves / recruitment can be frustrating, as HR requirements make this incredibly slow and inefficient.. It is unlikely you will find another work place with such extremely large egos combined with such incredibly thin skins.

The CEO gives no leadership.

They are unable to prioritise or respond to events so they constantly try to do everything and do it badly.

They claim there are lots of opportunities but it doesn’t materialise, people are made promises and have carrots dangled in front of them but is a technique to delay people a few more months when there is no intention of doing what has been promised. They get away with it as too many staff are easily duped by management.

Some key staff are overloaded until they break, but everyone can see it coming but management don’t react until they are signed off.. a lot of red tape. There's no career path - even secondments appear to be pre-determined. It's like they go through the motions. 
Despite all the talk of training, it's damned hard to actually secure. 
There's a whole raft of management whose single intention appears to be to interfere. They add absolutely nothing to the process and a lot more gets done when they're on leave, which tells you all you need to know. 
Senior Management approach is condescending at best, borderline overbearing bullying at worst. Both with a thick veneer of interpersonal ineptitude. 
Management speak is rife. 
There are managers who are online and at work from 7am until 11pm, daily (the working day is 9-5). Displaying such a work/life balance fail isn't admirable. It doesn't inspire confidence or belief in their leadership skills. 
There's a headcount freeze on, despite the FCA taking on more work. Again, at the behest of senior management. 
There's a lot of point-scoring and trap-setting from certain divisions in the lower ranks. You can't trust all your colleagues and peers, which sucks hard. (That said you soon realise who's worth spending time on.) 
Professional challenges are low. Ultra risk adverse management means staff are never stretched.
The whole place is drowning in process and more useless paperwork, mostly at the behest of well, you guessed who by now.  
The Five Values are increasingly used as another way to beat up the staff. 'Already On The Case' especially appears to be a thinly veiled reference to some sort of future predicting abilities and people are chastised for not having this mythological skill. 
Morale is low enough that people will take calls from agencies about potential other jobs at their desks and not even bother to go into a Quiet Room.. Senior Management is chaotic.
CEO is "Mr Invisible."
the organisation does not recruit, train or develop management as a skill and it shows, badly.
Middle Management is patchy.
All the best managers and some of the best staff left for the PRA.
Appraisal process is pre-set before it starts.
Progression is based upon your "face fitting". Lack of job security.  Restructured jobs frequently and even eliminated professional positions of associates that were hired within a month of the restructure.  This was a terrible message to other associates; implies a lack of concern for associates and their lives.. Not much impact, more theoretical and modelling based.. Somewhat hierarchical. Progression isn’t as transparent as could be.. -Slow-paced sometimes
-Can often feel bored in the beginning (partially due to WFH). It is not really that okay.. - long hours for less pay 
- pressure to perform. There are very few career opportunities. Not ideal for ambitious people. Central London is expensive, so making you wage cover the cost of living would be tricky alone.. Lower salary than private sector equivalent. Penny-pinching has led to hot-desking and cheap (but very secure) IT systems so you may spend a lot of time restarting your computer.. Culture. Too academic and too stuffy.. location, perks, management, working hours. Less pay than in private sector. IT is a political institution. Career progression not always based on merit.. Work life balance is tough. Culture , disempowerment at its extreme , pay, need to have been to the same school as the mgmt to move upwards. Pay isn't the best [understandably]. Shift pattern can be inconsistent.. Often beaurocratic and hierarchical. Perfectionist culture.. Very traditional and old fashioned ways of working

Poor on diversity and inclusion. Lack of progression/ quite slow to change. Slightly lower salary than expected. Salary lower than industry, slow sometimes. Very minimal annual salary increase. Salary vs private sector (however offset by pension n flexibility). Bureaucracy however necessary for a central bank. Pay is not too high. Poor career development opportunities, small cog in big machine vibes with limited options to broaden horizons once you’re in.
Salary growth set to central formula not performance based (once you’re in your salary will be what it’ll be regardless of value added)
Very process heavy work culture (committees, papers, templates), very slow decision making, innovation not a priority. As far as I can tell they’re are none. Salary on next promotion low. Established ways of thinking and work, sometimes hard to incite change. Salary is below average than what other companies offer. None relevant to note here.. salary not great, inefficient processes. Low pay, slow moving, old culture. the compensation package, lack of career progression. Appraisal system used to only reward those who are "sponsored" by "seniors" - real culture of nepotism, and diversity of thought not encouraged!. low salary and not very technical. There are imited growth opportunities available. Poor pay and hierarchical structure. Lack of direction in some of the work streams and a lot of projects that don’t add value to front line supervision.. Senior management do not listen to employees under them. Not a happy place. I was very unhappy in fact. I joined from a different background. I was selected as part of a central recruitment round and placed in a team which hadn't picked me. The managers resented this and made my life miserable - tasks taking six hours being given at 5pm for next day delivery, no explanation of tasks and if asked for guidance replies along the lines of 'you should know this'.

I am sure some people do have a good experience there. But this was not my experience. You shouldn't be made to feel unhappy at work if you come with the right attitude and wish to work hard. If individuals disagree with the policies of their own HR department, they shouldn't take it out on individuals who have innocently accepted offers.. Salary too low for London.
Foreigners are undervalued.
Lack of staff with PhD/Masters.
Lack of cognitive diversity.. Poor leadership and senior management.. NO downsides. Overall a good experience. - Red tape
- investment in poor and outdated technology. rigid pay and low pension structures. Still havent quite nailed the right culture - though moving in the right direction. -Peak season is very busy 
-work could be repetitive. Promotions place too much emphasis on analytical project execution and too little emphasis on good people management.. Hierarchical structure, slow decision making processes. Not a great work-life balance. The absence of large pay increases for existing staff.. Progression opportunities limited for more junior staff
Salary. I cant really think of any cons. - Lower salaries
- Sometimes required to do tasks that don’t fit your role
- Slow change process (jumping through hoops). The pay is not as competitive as private sector. really hard to get into. None that I can think of. Repetitive work. I found I was not given the level of responsibility I expected.. Sometimes difficult to get projects done. pay is quite low compared to other finance roles. Very slow paced work environment. End User Technology, governance, lack of diversity at the top. A bit too slow-paced in certain teams.. Totally resistant to change. Decision making / ownership is poor especially amongst leadership. They tend to promote the people who have worked there all of their lives into senior positions that they are not equipped for and this is particularly an issue in Central Services. Technology and systems are generally poor which hinders work on a day to day basis. Quite cliquey amongst those that have always worked there: there’s a lot of churn amongst those who join mid career for that reason. Talk a good game on inclusion but not brave enough to confront retention / deeper cultural issues.. Did not have any to be honest. Salary is understandably lower than private sector.. Low pay, could be better. Bureaucratic. No in-role promotions. A LOT of deadweight.. Hours are sometimes long although rewarding. No longer working there anymore. Sometimes you need a quiet place for research. none which came across so far. Can’t think of any negatives. Can be quite budget constrained.. Less well paid than private sector, still slightly hierarchical. Salaries and bureaucracy. Inefficient management with low level of knowledge is not the norm, but it is not improbable.. Salary, slowish internal career progression.. Can be quite slow paced. Salary is poor compared to industry standard. Nothing, they are a very prestigious company. Senior management can be prone to micro manage. It can sometimes be hard to feel like you are contributing that much as a junior member given the number of people in the organisation and hierarchical nature of the company. Pay lower than industry. pay a lot less than private banks. Slow career progression/strict HR policies
Below market pay
Doesn't suit high performers. -low pay 
-have to wait 2 years to get promoted from current role. Red tapism is a bummer. The salary is not to the date what it should have to be. Average pay and conservative environment. Don't think that you can raise uncomfortable or difficult issues: this is an organisation which doesn't appreciate internal challenge.. Very Hierarchical, hard to progress without a master's. Extremely toxic culture; bullying is prevalent; lots of good people have left as there is no meritocracy; pays lip service to diversity but doesn’t really care about nurturing minority staff- except for in a tokenist way. If you want to work here and make a career, expect to brown nose a lot. Disagreement is not tolerated.. There is a lack of empowerment to progress at the Bank. Nothing great company to work for. Too much layers of governance to follow - may affect efficiency of work. Once you become noticed, HR and management will bully you out - ruthlessly. Process and procedure rules over everything, rigid, inflexible. No room for personal initiative. Endless and pointless meetings, byzantine management structure, every decision is taken by committee, every analysis is drowned in acres of verbiage.. Low progression
Lack of work trust 
No drive. Structure restricts progression and frustration is spreading due to lack of defined career paths or opportunities. Management can be very bias.. Salary, career development possibilities, very traditional Environment that kills innovation and creativity. The Bank can sometimes be quite hierarchical.. arbitrary rules on progression (2 years before you can apply for another internal role) which weren't made clear at recruitment phase, and what appeared to be gender pay gap issues. Sometimes felt quite hierachical.. Pay and bonus isn’t great could be better 
Pace is slow
Can be hard to find motivated people (lots of people want to do minimum work and refuse to work after 5pm) 
Most people tend to be older in age or with kids (due to flexibility) 
Massive governance and rules around your own personal investments- need to disclose if you have parents or siblings working in a bank regulated firm, need to get approval from them before getting a mortgage, get approval for buying stocks and shares might not generally be allowed, get approval for moving money around in accounts larger than £85k and they don’t approve of you having a company, or using a company to invest in property etc. Don’t work here if you want to make money with investments.
Technology is dated, several systems which should have been scrapped and replaced years ago.. Low pay (currently being paid around 50% of market rate), if you are not upper class you will not progress past scale F,  additional work pushed on team members with no reward. Bureaucratic management process, which often stops creativity. Bureaucracy, Politics, Wage, Performance review process and  rigid processes. Poor remuneration package; Hierarchical structure. Poor progression flexibility 
Process driven
Some management aren’t appropriate levels. Bureaucracy, not easy to progress in career.... The pay is low compared to the industry. Takes years to progress in the company. Can be slow to accept need to change processes. Poor compensation, rigid and hierarchical management structure, lack of career progression opportunities.. Hierarchical and leadership is still very male dominated, though the Bank is taking steps to address this.. Soft culture that rewards conformers 
Not a meritocracy. Travel, stress, desk sharing,. IT infrastructure is very, very poor, and no improvements are in sight. Appraisal system is not always fair, as managers have to stand up for you against others you're compared to - so if you have a good, loud manager who loves you, you're good, but other than that, scores are usually inadequate. Very bureaucratic and a lot of politics. Cost cutting, hard to advance as it’s based on years worked not on how competent you are. Very slow career progression when joining through the grad scheme. 

Too many low performing people in lower people management positions who have been at the banks for 20+ years.. Very Hierarchical structure so it may not be that easy to talk to very senior members. - Bureaucratic 
- Very difficult to progress upwards due to HR rules on promotions. Not a stimulating working environment (too quiet) and pay does not reflect level of responsibility.. _-Culture, Workload, seniority hierarchy standards. having to deal with users. - Salaries aren't so high. Bureaucracy can be a pain occasionally. Extremely unfair promotion system, it’s all about who you know.
Bank pretends it’s a inclusive place, when all the good jobs are appointed without scrutiny.
Lots of senior managers out of their depth,  over promoted and lack people skills.
Micromanaging  is endemic in places, and entire teams of staff are miserable as a result.
Nobody is accountable for anything.
Extremely political, lots of backstabbing.
Very old fashioned and hierarchical.
Culture of secrecy, key decisions made behind closed doors.
Salary is behind private sector and continues to fall with pay freezes.. Some resistance to new ideas. Lack of progression
Days can be slow. Tight HR policies prevent you from progressing at the speed you would elsewhere. Very bureaucratic and a lot of red tape. Sometimes the regulation and control could be pain. Hierarchical (managers often block access to interesting work unless short staffed and desperate), More focus on process than outputs, rampant imperialist bullying (make of it what you wish. Upper management is a nightmare. Don’t be surprised if you know more than your manager and yes the manager holds the pen on progression.. Old fashioned
Some terrible managers - some employees end up being promoted to managers as have been there so long but have no people/management skills 
Slow progression in some teams 
Promote diversity / equality in reality same as every other banking institution with these issues. Often too academic and old fashioned. Pace is a little slow. Despite endlessly preaching diversity to BoE staff is the same as preaching diversity to a brick wall. An organisation that is used to doing things in certain ways, wrapping everyone and everything up with red tape, and have its staff follow job instructions blindly instills a certain amount of fear. 

If you don't mind getting sidelined and humiliated in front of your peers, by all means speak your mind. Otherwise, conformity is the key to success here. Emulate your managers, agree with them, so they can then agree with their managers who can agree with their directors. 

It's basically a long line of nodding heads.. Not the best salary but it is public sector so expected. hierarchical, slow paced, boring, not very innovative. Not very high pay compared with industry. Many find it hard to progress.. * Poor work life balance in some areas
* Slow career progression. Progression can be slow. Sometimes a bit too much red tape. This place will not promote you on merit. there is no set hiring criteria and HR couldn't care less. BOE gets sued left right and center over this but they are the laziest senior management in town. Think they live in the 16th century still. Absolute rubbish place to work with extremely obnoxious and poor communication by colleagues. Financial Stability is the worst area as here these powerless economists think they are actually doing something good and they can look down on the industry.
1- Everyone is leaving.
2- People move alot within but not on merit. more on personal relationships or contacts.
3- Poor on diversity. Their BAME quota is a joke.
4- Staff leaving are not replaced for months leaving you to pick up the work.
5- Poor attitude by managers on progression. they will force their version of you down your throat.
6- Extreme can't do attitude by everyone.
7- Really unhealthy place to work, however some areas are not as bad.
8- Dialogue is discouraged. Managers can be very insensitive.
8.5- Experience doesn't mean jackall! The will make you a graduate analyst if you apply for the scheme and then you can be expected to receive three promotions in 4 years if you know the right people
9- do i need to say more?
10- And unfair treatment. not all employees are treated fairly. if you are in regulation then monatery will look down on you and if you are in monetary then FS and markets will.. Lots of bureaucracy, very slow incorporation of modern technologies. maybe too hierarchical at times. Internal politics, can be competitive in certain areas. Inexperienced management with poor people skills. Poor Finance/HR department: progressive erosion of employee benefits and real term pay cuts over last 10 years. Budget freezes leading to fewer opportunities for progression and training.. Can be very bureaucratic  at times. E.g. meetings have piles of papers and agendas which are not summarised.. More and more work piled on and nothing ever taken away.  The people who project themselves better get all the recognition whether or not they do the best job.  The bloated Central Services function appears to justify its existence by creating complicated and bureaucratic systems for everything.  The rest of the staff has to waste time on this bureaucracy.   They also decide in November to change the timetable for end of year performance reviews.  Either decide earlier or put off changes until the following year.. Awful Technology 
Backwards culture
Pay bit good relative to peers
Internal pay structure muddled. Progression opportunities differ massively between divisions and teams. Very dependent on attitude of senior manager / head of division.
Pay significantly lower than private sector - to be expected. 
Have to stay in role for 2 years before being able to apply for lateral move or promotion.. poor management and department back biting. Dull work and not well structured. Pay was not the best. Quite difficult culture, there are significant difference in different areas. Aggressive management structure, poor performance review system that turns colleagues against each other. Sackings or formal warnings if you don’t meet your ‘streach objectives’ such as working unpaid overtime.

Awful company.. Difficult to get past hierarchy. Micro management; lack of career progression; low salaries.. - Flexible working is division dependent. Slow moving and a blame culture. Stifling bureaucracy, insane commitment to impenetrable acronyms, no authority to take decisions, beyond politically correct.. If you want to give up your personality and become a small piece of a massive working machine, underpaid with no pay rise for many years, together with no hope of promotion then this is the perfect job.

Stress levels are through the roof and a number of people in the department (inc. myself) were seeing the staff councillor to try and relieve the stress. 

Management attitude towards the staff is dictatorial - to say the least. Get the work done and complete unbelieveable admin work - or else!

Want to show initiative ? Don't bother. It gets ignored and someone else (normally a manager) will have a better idea of their own.

Too many senior staff making too many changes that directly affect the welfare of the staff with a "Its being changed for our futures". Think twice before applying because you can loose your contract at the last minute due to "security" concerns with NO real explanation. I received an offer for their grad programme in Feb (much joy), submitted details for security check in April, heard nothing from them (despite repeated emails) until they responded to me mid August saying I had failed to pass the security clearance, and therefore lost my offer less than a month before the programme would have started. More importantly, they REFUSED to give ANY explanation as to why my clearance was denied, and told me there was absolutely NO way to appeal. So this situation can happen to anyone really!. - pay is low
- development for admin not great. hierarchical in some areas of the business. It is a stiff work environment that feels a bit boring over time. There are not enough activities outside of work to build team rapport.. Salary is not great compared to other companies, not great bonus. HR is unorganised when it comes to junior staff e.g. graduates.. Slow career progression until a grad.. - Pay isn't as high compared to other private financial institutes. 1. Management deeds don't always match their words.
2. Decision making is very slow.
3. Pay is below market rate
4. Career progression is glacialy slow.
5. Some managers play favourites too often.. Slow pace of change. Not commercial roles.. - Vision 2020 principles are not followed, obviously, this was in my own sub unit within a division
-If you say yes to senior management then you will enjoy work there. If not you'll be sidelined.
- It is heavily hierarchical and political
-Some people of color who are not English can be outplayed or encounter some undertones. 
- Too many meetings to discuss with having meetings.
-Your manager is supreme and if he or she feels you are a threat, you are out. Anything can be manufactured to get you out, this includes but not limited to lying on your performance reviews and you'll have no one to defend you if it is a lie. 
- Siloed ways of working 
- The scale card can be used to downplay you or used against you at any time. Goodluck being a person of color at a lower scale.. -  Management with long-tenures (can be hard to get on)
- Old fashioned  practices; can mean management like to see you at your desk
- Technology doesn't support modern day working
- Low salaries. Can be a little hierarchical  at times. Because it's such a great company to work for, it is very difficult for career  progression - nobody wants to leave!. None - I think this was a great place for an industrial placement. However going forward salaries can be lower than private companies but this is balanced by an excellent work/life balance.. slower paced environment than the private sector.. pay, some processes can take quite long. Bureaucratic 
Easier to just do nothing than do anything 
Improving anything is hard
Projects are scoped with poorly defined requirements and so fail to deliver. An example of this is the new internal smart ticketing system.
People are not measured on actual results but time in the office
Lack of clear strategy and direction. We are 18 months into a project and still defining the second year deliverables????
A focus on product rather than actually looking at what you want to ultimately achieve.
In my area lots of history of getting latest shiny product, it failing to deliver and then running until lights go out. Define requirements at beginning!!!
Don’t believe supplier hype. When compared to other employers you are not paid anywhere near the same if you were to work in the private sector.. - HR function was opaque and disorganised
- Decisions made at high level. Low pay, limited career opportunities. slow career progress, compensation, poor incentives. Management do not listen to employees and are not transparent despite always promoting this across the division. 
Extremely hierarchical. 
Management do not create a great atmosphere to work in as the dynamic of the whole bank environment can only be described as strange when it’s supposed to be a friendly place to work in. 
Extremely slow career and salary progression. 
Salary is not competitive, instead it’s low pay with only a small increase yearly.. Office environment is a bit intense with large rooms full of desks, little privacy.. Salary progression slow even on promotion. - I found due to pay offered the people we attracted to work in the team post-FSA were either wanting the flexibility due to young families or maternity leave, or were not always very good (who would be willing to accept pay £20k-£30k below market?). This was one of the reasons I wanted to leave as I found there were a few enthusiastic ambitious staff members picking up the work for a larger team who maybe saw it as a "coasting" role for a few/many years. 

- A lot to employees haven't worked in industry for a while so the ideas and projects they consider are not practical or pragmatic.

- Senior management in some areas are inefficient (this isn't just a BoE problem though)

- Progress is tricky. Merit based promotions don't seem to occur as there is focus is on wage inflation  so you will get promoted every few years if you "do your time" which isn't a great culture to set. It means the good people will naturally leave which is to the detriment of the wider team.. Pay in SRS generally competitive on entry but lags over time due to public sector pay cap. 10% bonus max but offset with rpi linked db pension.

People stick around so not somewhere to go if you want rapid progression. Low pay relative to the city of London and other financial institutions, but this is not surprising given it is not a private bank run for profit.. Lack of corporate driven environment. Low pay relative to rest of the City.
Offices are in the Bank itself and are a little uncomfortable.
Silo culture in some cases. Slow, no clear learning path. Less pay versus other jobs in finance. For all the efforts to modernise over the last few years, the organisation still has a long way to go. It’s extremely bureaucratic and slow. It’s still very hierarchical, so you tend to end up working way below potential.

The pay framework is ostensibly based on merit but is apparently based on tenure - at least for progression through the lower scales. 

HR also have a tendency to change rules in their favour, rewrite history to cover it up and then be unreachable, and deaf to complaints. This breeds unnecessary resentment that could easily be avoided.. Salary, slow career progression, admin and bureaucracy. More external training to be offered. Fair amount of offciePolitics. Lots of people have been there a long time and set in their ways. Hierarchical, decision making can be slow, high turnover, pay increases are slow and often below inflation, work/life balance not always great. Many inefficient internal processes (whether in IT, or to sign off a small piece of work)
Bureaucracy
Slow environment - which can lead to a lack of motivation and slow personal development. Sometimes email responses were slow, but that was because of volume.. Very slow and bureaucratic. It's impossible to get anything done, let alone in a timely fashion, because the majority of senior staff wouldn't say boo to  a goose, so they just do whatever the directors/executive/directors/Governors ask them to. 

Much lip service is paid to 'empowerment', but the reality is that organisation is astonishingly hierarchical, and you WILL be admonished if you have a different opinion to someone more senior than you, even if you are advising them on your area of expertise. 

Longevity and loyalty to your manager is valued over talent: promotions are generally given to those that have hung around 'biding their time', even if they are not the best person for the job. 

There is generally a preference to give jobs to poorly suited internal candidates rather than external candidates even if they require specialist skills, although this has improved a little recently. This is particularly evident in the case of economists (and to a certain extent people who have come through the grad scheme), who are seen as having the skills to do anything. This means that you find many people who have a) absolutely no work experience outside the Bank of England and b) poor social and management skills in jobs which would be more suited to specialist external candidates.

The lack of diversity is appalling - the phrase 'male, pale and stale' comes to mind.. Very civil service, takes ages for things to happen. In SRS division is very old. The speed of decision making is too slow. Things move slowly. As an official organisation, the governance is tighter so less entrepreneur.. -  Too much middle management and HR can take a while to deal with things.. Economists are seen as able to do anything, even other specialities. Many lack people skills.. - The Benefits scheme was changed and is now much worse than previously
- Very few opportuities for progression
- No focus on people management. Extremely poor leadership and management, nepotistic culture, inefficient, hierarchical, old fashioned and poor decision making.. Salaries don't reflect market rate but this is due to the great benefits on offer. Long hours culture seeped in post-crisis. Week line management in my team  although senior management is  good. Line management didn't help with professional development or providing clear communication. and culture can be quite competitive depending on which team you join.. slightly lower paid than the industry
weird rules about staying in one job for 2 years,
horrible horrible IT service
internal budget cuts meaning crappy IT services
hiring too many graduates to save money. Pay is lower than if worked in private industry. The internal services within the Bank, i,e the IT is poor.. - bureaucratic and many layers of management means it's difficult to get things done
- political
- silo culture
- the organisation is too big and bloated. - - - - -. Located in DTC (which was a far commute for me). If you aren't looking for a career in the mortgage world, their is not much crossover for other employment opportunities. Prepare to be glued to your phone/email.. - Slow pace & public sector mentality 
- Can be overly bureaucratic
- Feels you are always behind the curve when compared to industry. bit outdated interns of technology used. Not enough scope to earn lots and lots of money if that is what you are in there for due to the fact it is public sector. Bank is an annoying location.. Low paid against market rate. Too much red tape in making decisions.. Has a slower build up of responsibility than other places 

Compensation starts okay but grows much less rapidly than other organizations. Pay typically lower than private sector as expected. It is good working for Bank of England job require. Limited career progression unless you intend to hang around for 10 years. There is only so far you can climb. Decision making is taken by committee, too many briefings for senior management. Salary packages tied to public sector thinking. Quality of people management needs to improve.

A few areas have a long hour culture and too hierarchical.. Inflexibility, short, hours, too many stages. Top-down hierarchy, have to go to manager for approval and cannot go higher.. Stuffy, stagnant environment where change is seen as risk making it virtually impossible to do anything.. Silo teams, very limited cross departmental interaction in some areas.. Salary and bonus aren't great and career opportunities are scarce.. Hierarchical
Management is patchy
Progression can be slow
Work life balance not consistently good 
Mismanaged and badly delivered graduate scheme. Low pay. Work gets repetitive at times.. Was hard to work your way up without staying for 50 years. not always tradition in approach , willing use discretion in allowed by management , sometimes people jealous even when decisions are allowed and if employees seem to view you as go to person because you have taken the initiative to help solve customer issues with good results. Generally:

- As you progress in your career the salaries on offer become progressively lower than those you could command in the private sector. With some areas of technical expertise this starts to kick in after only a couple of years
-The Bank is a hierarchical organisation which takes important and sometimes politically sensitive decisions. This can lead to bottlenecks as you await sign off on your work
- Suffers a little from the public sector disease of coasters who do not contribute properly but who, instead of being let go, are just passed from team to team
- Resourcing is rigid, so it is extremely rare to be promoted in your role and get a pay rise. Instead you have to apply for something new 

Specific to grad scheme:

- Training does not hit the mark. A lot of money seems to be spent on pseudoscience "workshops"  - "neuro linguistic programming" etc. - and new grads are now forced to undertake a compulsory  bespoke qualification in "central banking studies", which of course is not really transferable. Presumably this is to enhance retention. 
- My understanding of graduate schemes is that entrants come through a rigorous selection process, are given stretching work, and then become candidates for rapid promotion, the idea being that they have a lot of potential. This is not the case at the Bank. Even when you exit the grad scheme, you are subject to restrictions from HR on when you can be promoted. When you are eventually promoted you are subject to central restrictions on pay increases. These restrictions are an incentive to quit the Bank, work in industry, and then come back as an external hire, for whom the Bank is willing to pay far more. This seems to be the only way to progress in pay and responsibility at any speed and is very frustrating for those who are otherwise happy at the organisation. It is also at odds with their retention aims.

Overall, the organisation is great. The grad scheme is awful. Go elsewhere and then come in as an external hire.. Pressured work environment without the pay benefit of the city. Limited career progression
Salary not that great
No technical career path for developers. Overly bureaucratic structure which hampers decision making at a mid and senior level and consequently reduces autonomy. Very bureaucratic- these meetings just take too much of your productive time. Based on my experience so far, I will not recommend BOE grad scheme to anybody in any circumstance. Poorly managed, mis-presenting the path design. I can hardly feel my skill sets being appreciated and utilised, and little care has been paid to our career development.. - Still waiting to hear back from them about how I can improve. Poor pay progression. Sometimes hard to bring about change in a large organisation. Not very responsive IT.. The Bank is not able to compete with the corporate sector and imposes pay constraints similar to public sector pay. Training is restricted.. Slow governance 
High turn over and lack of experience. Limited pay working in public sector. High staff turnover in my area which meant you had to start a lot of your understanding from scratch without a lot of guidance. Sometimes boring - but that is expected with government work.. Not much social interaction outside working hours. It is not a private sector institution driven by profit motive or the pressure of competition so if you're looking for a high-octane job then this may not be it.. poor salary increases and minimal bonus. Very unorganized, low in pay, no training, high exceptions low pay, too many family members working under one roof.. The nature of the job is a bit boring. Hierarchical at top management level, can be slow and bureaucratic, mediocre (not bad) pay, some areas don't have much impact, not all areas have brilliant work-life-balance.. Pay lower than the private sector
Requirement for a masters degree
As an intern, little responsibility on working on actual live monetary policy work (though this is to be expected given the advanced nature of the work). Workload high at times- during busy periods. Sometimes slow paced, hard to influence senior decisions. Too bureaucratic. Takes forever to get anything done.. The pay is very low compared to the competition. Slow moving and bureaucratic. This is in some ways by necessity. It's not appropriate to make big decisions as a public institution without proper due diligence. But does this mean that decisions are only taken after having gone through 4-5 levels of committees. Each requiring a new summary paper.

limited opportunity for creativity. Quite risk averse, slow decision making for progress, technology  is behind. Salary is in mid level compared to i banks. - Bonus is very low, pay incerease with promotion is limited
- Pace of working is bit slow
- Career progression isn't as fast, unless you happen to be at the right place. The Bank's culture can be overly familial, so many people become comfortable, and stay there too long. There are arguably quite a few people occupying middle management positions by virtue of tenure more so than ability. As a result it is very difficult to change entrenched behaviours and practices, so while the Bank provides great opportunities for working on cutting-edge projects, they sometimes result in nothing happening.. Long hours, generating your own leads. Often times required to network outside of standard business hours and company time. Long work weeks ensue.. * Institutionalised employees who do things in a certain way
* Conservative and bureaucratic to high degree - not very creative
* Salary is low compared to the market. tall hierarchy 
less merit-based
low pay
less opportunity to get promoted.
some people lack maturity. Essentially an offshoot of the civil service, with all the joy that contains.. Work while interesting can often have no ultimate impact. Lots of good staff but also lot of dead weight. Lots of structural change but poorly implemented. Slow career progression if not political.. I can't think of any at the moment.. Biggest challenge for the Bank of England is that compensation is much smaller than in competing central banks or interntational organisations.. Lack of opportunity to progress, too much admin work at times. nothing else really to mention.. The culture has started to change since the ex-FSA has joined the Bank which has brought some positives and some negatives. More people joining who are not such teamplayers and less loyal to the Bank's values. It is also very hierarchical but can be less so with the right line manager.. Salary (much lower than same peers in the private sector), career path very structured and slow, sometimes under utilized by the management. - Seen by some as public sector (i.e. a bit slow, less sharp people), thus may be difficult to move into the private industry afterwards
- Inability to recruit better experienced hires from the industry, due to lower salary ceilings
- Some formerly good employees, but now just waiting for their pensions
- Not enough people with experience from the finance industry, especially in management roles (although Mark Carney is obviously an exception). I can not think of any cons for the thirteen months that I spent at the Bank. I had an amazing time and I would do it again if I had the chance.. 'Bank speak'    The Bank's style of drafting is very clear, but it should be possible to step outside this narrow framework.. The remuneration is not competitive and the reward for performance is limited. There is a lot of wasted work and the incentives for employees are badly aligned with those of the organisation.. Salary is low compared to market rates in other areas of the city, however this is compensated for by the flexibility and abaility to earn overtime.  There can be lots of red-tape due to the nature of the relationship with the government,. Salaries are good to live on but not as high as in the city. While the Bank offers you to move around to different positions, advancement to managerial roles is relatively slow compared to the private sector.